Questions: "text":"An old saying says “charity begins” where?
Questions: "text":"In his first video game appearance, what did Mario use to smash barrels?
Questions: "text":"What is unusual about the new Black Mirror episode “Bandersnatch”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these places lies on the Arabian Peninsula?
Questions: "text":"A famous philosophical method that emphasizes dialogue between student and teacher is named for whom?
Questions: "text":"Which fast-food chain is named after its founder?
Questions: "text":"The athlete now known as “Metta World Peace” is known for playing what sport?
Questions: "text":"What popular computer feature was first demonstrated almost exactly 50 years ago?
Questions: "text":"What is NOT the stage name of a popular 20th-century comedian?
Questions: "text":"In the US, the musical composition “Entrance of the Gladiators” is most often heard where?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT one of the films made by Disney to reach out to Latin America on behalf of the US government?
Questions: "text":"What US president’s passing went officially unacknowledged at the time in Washington, DC?
Questions: "text":"Which of these became a US state most recently?
Questions: "text":"Which of these typically comes at the very start of a stage musical?
Questions: "text":"Which classic band had a hit in the ’80s with “Start Me Up”?
Questions: "text":"What is a gnu also known as?
Questions: "text":"“Noo-noo” is a sentient vacuum cleaner on what television show?
Questions: "text":"An old metaphor for a futile or pointless act is carrying coals to where?
Questions: "text":"Which of these TV shows premiered first?
Questions: "text":"What kind of number is 2019?
Questions: "text":"Which of these New York squares was NOT named for a New York newspaper?
Questions: "text":"Which TV show has NOT featured the first American to marry into the British royal family in 80 years?
Questions: "text":"What sci-fi novel begins, “A beginning is the time for taking the most delicate care that the balances are correct?
Questions: "text":"In the northern hemisphere, January 1st is considered the official birthday of every what?
Questions: "text":"What's Grandma Cooking?
Questions: "text":"What's Coming For Us?
Questions: "text":"If a pitcher enters a game leading by three runs or less and finishes the win, he is awarded a what?
Questions: "text":"In the US, which sport allows a team to score the greatest number of points on a single play?
Questions: "text":"What team won this year’s NHL Winter Classic?
Questions: "text":"In an exhibition this week, Floyd Mayweather defeated a fighter who practiced what technique?
Questions: "text":"Which division winner is NOT traditionally part of the Rose Bowl?
Questions: "text":"What woman ended 2018 atop the WTA official rankings?
Questions: "text":"What first name appears three times on the list of the top 10 most accurate NBA career 3-point shooters of all time?
Questions: "text":"Which of these NFL teams did NOT fire its head coach after the end of this regular season?
Questions: "text":"Which non-wide receiver had the greatest number of receptions in the NFL this year?
Questions: "text":"What franchise has the record for most wins in a single NHL season?
Questions: "text":"Which of these NFL teams finished this season with the best record?
Questions: "text":"What is the only college to have two players chosen No. 1 in the NBA draft in consecutive years?
Questions: "text":"What tool is best for neatly dividing a board into two pieces?
Questions: "text":"What kind of puppet is controlled from above by strings?
Questions: "text":"What sport currently uses a ball that is stitched together?
Questions: "text":"What color are the houses in the classic version of Monopoly?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is Benjamin Franklin NOT credited with inventing?
Questions: "text":"What sauce’s name translates to “crush”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these fictional elements is mainly associated with the DC Comics universe?
Questions: "text":"“The 7D” was a TV series that ran from 2014 to 2016 on which channel?
Questions: "text":"Giorgio Armani did NOT design suits specifically for which movie?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is one of the four largest islands comprising Japan?
Questions: "text":"About which country did a French president say, “One cannot trust people whose cuisine is so bad”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these bands did NOT appear on “Beverly Hills, 90210”?
Questions: "text":"What’s Piling Up?
Questions: "text":"JRR Tolkien wrote a fantasy epic called “Lord of the” what?
Questions: "text":"The US president is NOT commander-in-chief over which of these forces?
Questions: "text":"Who won World War II?
Questions: "text":"According to baseball legend, the longest home run ever was hit in 1960 by whom?
Questions: "text":"Who was just announced as the opening-night headliner of this year’s Coachella?
Questions: "text":"In 1939’s “The Wizard of Oz,” what does the Witch shout as she releases her flying monkeys?
Questions: "text":"A new breakfast cereal is being criticized because it is based on what candy?
Questions: "text":"When is Festivus always celebrated?
Questions: "text":"What album tied “Bad’s” record of five consecutive singles reaching No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100?
Questions: "text":"Which of these plot devices literally translates to “sudden change”?
Questions: "text":"In the 1980s, “Saturday Night Live” had three cast members with what last name?
Questions: "text":"The point on mainland Europe closest to Africa is controlled by what country?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a popular type of vehicle?
Questions: "text":"The tagline for the first “Alien” film was “In space, no one can hear you” what?
Questions: "text":"What is the official language of Brazil?
Questions: "text":"What are NHL hockey games divided into?
Questions: "text":"What ingredient is NOT found in a traditional mojito?
Questions: "text":"Which of these classic Disney films features a cat named Figaro?
Questions: "text":"Which of these states lies by the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers?
Questions: "text":"What is NOT a channel that merged to form Comedy Central?
Questions: "text":"The title of the Beach Boys’ “Little Saint Nick” refers to what?
Questions: "text":"Before Apple, which of these companies demonstrated a device called “iPAD”?
Questions: "text":"People who suffer from “Witzelsucht” are prone to do what?
Questions: "text":"London’s Globe Theatre burned to the ground after a mishap during what type of Shakespeare play?
Questions: "text":"In pickup trucks, “4WD” stands for “four” what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these surfaces is most common for painting?
Questions: "text":"Who first performed the classic song “Like a Rolling Stone”?
Questions: "text":"Candies called “Canada Mints” have a shape that most closely resembles what?
Questions: "text":"By definition, which of these airships has a rigid internal structure?
Questions: "text":"Which is the correct pairing of actor to “Saved by the Bell” character?
Questions: "text":"The marathon world record time is approaching what never-broken barrier?
Questions: "text":"The folk tale of the Pied Piper is set in what country?
Questions: "text":"George Washington crossing the Delaware is depicted on what state’s commemorative quarter?
Questions: "text":"Who won an Oscar for the 2013 film “12 Years a Slave”?
Questions: "text":"The creators of Trivial Pursuit were sued for copyright infringement based on a question about what TV show?
Questions: "text":"Until the early ’80s, which comic strip featured a main character named Lyman?
Questions: "text":"Car and truck engines are typically measured as having what kind of power?
Questions: "text":"Which sport’s field of play is NOT strictly rectangular?
Questions: "text":"The word “sombrero” comes from the Spanish word for what?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT one of America’s original 13 colonies?
Questions: "text":"What type of house was the home of “The Brady Bunch”?
Questions: "text":"To convert volts into watts, what third value do you need to know?
Questions: "text":"The Nickelodeon product Smatter was closest in concept to which of these?
Questions: "text":"Which Dr. Seuss book was written as an allegory for US occupation of Japan after WWII?
Questions: "text":"The Cumberland Gap goes through what mountain range?
Questions: "text":"What sitcom did NOT conclude every week with the command “Sit, Ubu, sit?
Questions: "text":"The US Senate dining room famously has one specific kind of what dish always on the menu?
Questions: "text":"When the phrase was first coined, classical music’s “Three Bs” included Bach, Beethoven, and who?
Questions: "text":"Who shot Mr. Burns?
Questions: "text":"What was the name of Homer’s snow-plowing company?
Questions: "text":"In “Bart the Daredevil,” what destroys the Simpsons’ car?
Questions: "text":"According to the dictionary in “The Simpsons,” how would you “pull a Homer”?
Questions: "text":"What is Marge’s pet name for Bart?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is the name of one of the Seven Duffs?
Questions: "text":"Which character is known for his deathly bee-sting allergy?
Questions: "text":"The proposed spin-off “Chief Wiggum, P.I.” was set in what city?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT a real name Bart used in a prank call to Moe’s Tavern?
Questions: "text":"What weird European candy did Üter have in his first “Simpsons” appearance?
Questions: "text":"Which is one way of identifying the “Phony Pope”?
Questions: "text":"What location is mentioned in the Kamp Krusty theme song?
Questions: "text":"Who are Eastern Europe’s favorite cat-and-mouse team?
Questions: "text":"What therapist helped Marge with her fear of flying?
Questions: "text":"Which of these movies did Troy McClure NOT appear in?
Questions: "text":"Common Debate","answer":["ARE","HOROSCOPES","FAKE?
Questions: "text":"In boxing, a “knockout” is declared when a fighter stays down for roughly how long?
Questions: "text":"What two teams were the first in FBS history to play each other in four straight postseasons?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is only an offensive penalty in football?
Questions: "text":"What women’s college basketball team just broke UConn’s streak of 126 regular-season wins?
Questions: "text":"The NFL just announced its first official sponsor from what industry?
Questions: "text":"Which of these players recently put up a triple-double in his first game against his former team?
Questions: "text":"What team will have the smallest seating capacity in the MLB this year?
Questions: "text":"Though they had a slightly different name, where were the first-ever X Games held?
Questions: "text":"After sacks became an official stat in ’82, what player was the first to record 20 in an NFL season?
Questions: "text":"After Bonds, what Baseball Hall of Fame-eligible player has the most home runs without being inducted?
Questions: "text":"Which college athletic conference is legally considered the successor to the Big East?
Questions: "text":"Which of these players is NOT one of this year’s four NHL All-Star captains?
Questions: "text":"A familiar song lyric goes, “London Bridge is falling” what?
Questions: "text":"In the US, the largest class of truck is known as what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these words refers to part of a hat?
Questions: "text":"Which enemy in the “Mario” games wears a shell?
Questions: "text":"Which “Star Wars” character is best known for being hirsute?
Questions: "text":"What color band accompanies a movie trailer featuring adult content?
Questions: "text":"Which city has three major pro sports teams whose names rhyme?
Questions: "text":"When originally built, the Statue of Liberty was roughly what color?
Questions: "text":"Which of these nicknames appears in the “Harry Potter” books?
Questions: "text":"Whose debut single had the same name as an L. Frank Baum character?
Questions: "text":"Which pepper’s name suggests that it comes from a Caribbean island?
Questions: "text":"The first woman on a US stamp is most closely associated with what US holiday?
Questions: "text":"What's in the Oven?
Questions: "text":"Which exercise typically engages your arms the most?
Questions: "text":"Which of these athletes famously sells a line of grills?
Questions: "text":"What long-running newspaper comic usually appears in a circular panel, not a square one?
Questions: "text":"Celebrities on the Golden Globes red carpet were repeatedly “photobombed” by a woman holding what?
Questions: "text":"Nuuk is the capital of which of these places?
Questions: "text":"What music superstar does Stitch impersonate in “Lilo & Stitch”?
Questions: "text":"Meghan Markle is now known as the Duchess of what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT an “American Horror Story” season subtitle?
Questions: "text":"Which of these magazines once wrote a cover story on a fake up-and-coming star?
Questions: "text":"Which of these popular websites does NOT have a founding member in common?
Questions: "text":"Photos submitted for wedding announcements in “The New York Times” must comply with what rule?
Questions: "text":"Which legendary athlete earned positive reviews for their singing role in a Broadway musical?
Questions: "text":"Which of these locations shares its name with a Chevy truck?
Questions: "text":"A truck without any walls or roof on its rear portion is known as what?
Questions: "text":"When a truck is referred to as a semi, what is “semi” short for?
Questions: "text":"Which of these typically contains components called trucks?
Questions: "text":"Which of these stars once played a professional truck driver in a movie?
Questions: "text":"What is the term for a pickup truck with four wheels on the rear axle?
Questions: "text":"Which of these industries often involves a technique known as “double truck”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these TV characters has their own food truck?
Questions: "text":"Now known for making very large trucks, what is the oldest still-active automobile brand in the US?
Questions: "text":"In the “Transformers” universe, what was the original name of Optimus Prime?
Questions: "text":"The noun “truck” is thought to come from what earlier word?
Questions: "text":"Which of these places is one of the cities mentioned in the Grateful Dead song “Truckin’”?
Questions: "text":"What's On The Shelf?
Questions: "text":"What is both an Olympic sport and a violation in soccer?
Questions: "text":"In the NHL, what is the maximum number of players that can receive an assist on a goal?
Questions: "text":"What is the only state to host three different majors in men’s golf?
Questions: "text":"The new coach of the Arizona Cardinals was recently the head coach of what university?
Questions: "text":"What is the only women’s soccer team to finish top-3 at every World Cup?
Questions: "text":"How much of the vote from eligible writers does a baseball player need to make the Hall of Fame?
Questions: "text":"Who is the only QB from the famous ’04 draft class to lead the NFL in TD passes in a single season?
Questions: "text":"In men’s Division I college basketball, who is the all-time leader in assists?
Questions: "text":"What was the last D-I college football team to go 15-0 before this year’s Clemson team?
Questions: "text":"Which team was included in MLBPA’s lawsuit for not appropriately spending revenue-sharing money?
Questions: "text":"On the actual Heisman Trophy, what is making contact with the ground?
Questions: "text":"What team has had a player win the NFL rushing title the greatest number of times?
Questions: "text":"Where is the original Parthenon located?
Questions: "text":"In investing, compound interest is accrued when interest is what?
Questions: "text":"At a Jewish wedding, who traditionally stands under the chuppah?
Questions: "text":"A seesaw is an example of what kind of simple machine?
Questions: "text":"Who features in Warren G.’s “Regulate”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these sports was invented in the US?
Questions: "text":"Which TV show featured a lead actor who later starred in the live-action “Beauty and the Beast”?
Questions: "text":"With what musical genre are “Nudie Suits” most associated?
Questions: "text":"In French history, the Huguenots were defeated under which king?
Questions: "text":"Which of these celebrities has a perfume called Stash?
Questions: "text":"Which app did Fortnite NOT outgross within its first month on iOS?
Questions: "text":"The voice of Wakko in “The Animaniacs” was an impression of which Beatles band member?
Questions: "text":"Chit Chat","answer":["GOT","ANY","JUICY","GOSSIP?
Questions: "text":"An important medical principle is “first, do no” what?
Questions: "text":"What rapper’s name becomes a US state’s name when the space is removed?
Questions: "text":"Which TV show is currently celebrating its 20th anniversary?
Questions: "text":"Bobby Orr is considered one of the greatest-ever competitors in what?
Questions: "text":"“Shampoo” is a loanword from what language?
Questions: "text":"What role has won Oscars for two different actors who played him?
Questions: "text":"What is the word for a group of pugs?
Questions: "text":"Saint Nicholas is the patron saint of which of these groups?
Questions: "text":"In which French-speaking nation would you find mainland Africa’s northernmost point?
Questions: "text":"Big Bird’s teddy bear is named in reference to what classic ’70s TV show?
Questions: "text":"Which was NOT a White House pet during the Clinton administration?
Questions: "text":"Which title shares an author with the lesser-known “The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is one of Barney’s catchphrases?
Questions: "text":"Who voices the narrator of “How I Met Your Mother”?
Questions: "text":"Which song does the mother play on the ukulele?
Questions: "text":"What kind of animal does Lily bring to her kindergarten class?
Questions: "text":"Which character insists upon an intervention for himself?
Questions: "text":"According to the lyrics of her hit song, who does Robin Sparkles run into at the mall?
Questions: "text":"Which of these people is visible on Ted’s Pineapple Incident board?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT one of Barney’s High-Fives?
Questions: "text":"How did Ted and Blah Blah first meet?
Questions: "text":"One of the pieces of Marshall’s bathroom reading featured a celebrity from what show?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is one of the steps in Barney’s playbook for his engagement to Robin?
Questions: "text":"What is the last line in the very first episode of “How I Met Your Mother”?
Questions: "text":"Not telling a person something is “keeping them” where?
Questions: "text":"Which of these artists has won multiple Grammy Awards?
Questions: "text":"What is the adjective in the sentence, “Interrogate presumptuous marsupials”?
Questions: "text":"What is needed for an “immaculate inning” in a baseball game?
Questions: "text":"Which type of mammal lays eggs?
Questions: "text":"Which continent was NOT involved in the Punic Wars?
Questions: "text":"Which of these food names, on its own, is an active registered trademark?
Questions: "text":"What nickname did astronomers give the newly discovered most-distant object in the Solar System?
Questions: "text":"In which metropolitan area would you find an airport with a nine-hole golf course?
Questions: "text":"Which place does NOT border both of the landlocked nations on its continent?
Questions: "text":"Which of these was extensively used by the 20th-century recording industry?
Questions: "text":"What does Guinness list as the best-selling sports video game franchise?
Questions: "text":"The first verse of America’s national anthem ends with “the home of the” what?
Questions: "text":"What movie is known for the line, “To infinity and beyond”?
Questions: "text":"A vegan breakfast would most likely have which of these?
Questions: "text":"What is a vuvuzela?
Questions: "text":"Vice President Dan Quayle once infamously misspelled a type of what?
Questions: "text":"Which statistic does NOT factor into baseball pitching’s Triple Crown?
Questions: "text":"In which of these groups did every main member compose multiple US hit singles for that band?
Questions: "text":"Where would you expect to see a tritagonist?
Questions: "text":"Which of these cities is NOT the capital of its state?
Questions: "text":"At the end of “Super Mario World,” Mario and the main characters specifically opt to do what?
Questions: "text":"What famous scientist once stated that radio waves had “no use whatsoever”?
Questions: "text":"What TV comedian was instrumental in putting the original “Star Trek” on the air?
Questions: "text":"Celebrities entering an awards show often walk on what?
Questions: "text":"White and dark chocolate mixed with crushed candy cane pieces is known as “peppermint” what?
Questions: "text":"A small region of facial hair between the lower lip and chin is often referred to as what?
Questions: "text":"Portugal mainly lies in what direction from Spain?
Questions: "text":"Contact lenses are designed to fit right up against what body part?
Questions: "text":"By definition, an “ad hominem” argument is one made against what?
Questions: "text":"The hit song “Get Lucky” features Pharrell Williams with what face-obscuring act?
Questions: "text":"What city has an NHL team named after a kids’ movie?
Questions: "text":"What is the game of checkers called in the UK?
Questions: "text":"Which of these classic films was once re-released with weapons digitally replaced by walkie-talkies?
Questions: "text":"In what modern-day nation was the battle that led to the end of Napoleon’s military and political career?
Questions: "text":"Which of these words is NOT a heteronym?
Questions: "text":"Sandra Bullock has starred with her co-lead from which film more than once?
Questions: "text":"Which of these African countries is technically a kingdom?
Questions: "text":"Shakespeare’s “Macbeth” includes the mention of a forerunner to what modern holiday treat?
Questions: "text":"Which Canadian city is NOT the capital of its province?
Questions: "text":"Someone who provides an unwelcome distraction is sometimes called a “person from” where?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Dickens characters was introduced first?
Questions: "text":"Tom Cruise is younger than his romantic co-lead in which of these films?
Questions: "text":"The nickname for the place on Earth farthest from dry land comes from a book by what author?
Questions: "text":"Which job was NOT held by the man whose portrait is on the current US $10 bill?
Questions: "text":"What was JR Ewing drinking right before he was infamously shot in “Dallas”?
Questions: "text":"What's The Chef Saying?
Questions: "text":"In which sport do players typically wear the most padding?
Questions: "text":"What team did Team USA defeat in the game nicknamed the “Miracle on Ice”?
Questions: "text":"In basketball, which foul awards a team both a free throw and possession immediately after?
Questions: "text":"What was the last college football team to win the National Championship besides ‘Bama and Clemson?
Questions: "text":"What NBA team is currently coached by a one-time NCAA record holder for single-season 3-point percentage?
Questions: "text":"What league has its biggest event as its first official competition of the year?
Questions: "text":"Who is the active NFL leader in career quarterback rating?
Questions: "text":"In addition to the host nation’s language, the “official languages” of the Olympics are always what?
Questions: "text":"What is the only team to pick Heisman winners back-to-back at No. 1 overall in the draft?
Questions: "text":"What English city is NOT found in any current Premier League official team name?
Questions: "text":"What state has hosted the greatest number of golf US Opens?
Questions: "text":"What team did NOT tie for the most 1st team All-Pro players in the 2018-19 NFL season?
Questions: "text":"Who directed “The Bling Ring”?
Questions: "text":"“Roads?
Questions: "text":"Which of these songs is performed in the film “Bohemian Rhapsody”?
Questions: "text":"In which of these horror movies are blindfolds extremely important?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Hitchcock films starred the future princess of Monaco?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is one of the a capella groups in “Pitch Perfect”?
Questions: "text":"For which of these films was Meryl Streep NOT nominated for an Oscar?
Questions: "text":"The singer of which ’90s song once portrayed God in a Kevin Smith movie?
Questions: "text":"Which of the actresses from “The First Wives Club” did NOT co-star in another film with Sarah Jessica Parker?
Questions: "text":"In which of these kids’ films is there a villain named Juice?
Questions: "text":"Steven Soderbergh’s “Contagion” reunited much of the cast from what film?
Questions: "text":"What is said right after E.T. helps Elliott and his friends take flight on their bikes?
Questions: "text":"How are you doing this?
Questions: "text":"At its most basic level, DNA is composed of what?
Questions: "text":"Before cordless, telephones in the home were usually called what?
Questions: "text":"The most-liked Instagram post of all time is now just a mysterious picture of what?
Questions: "text":"Camelot, of the King Arthur legend, was said to be located in what current-day region?
Questions: "text":"Which common food ingredient is considered hydrophobic?
Questions: "text":"What kind of dog is usually depicted in the popular “doge” meme?
Questions: "text":"As shown in the new trailer, where does Spider-Man go in the upcoming “Spider-Man: Far From Home”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these characters does NOT have an official Twitter account?
Questions: "text":"According to the lyrics of his hit song, how does Jimmy Buffett enjoy his cheeseburger in paradise?
Questions: "text":"From 2014 until this summer, what type of animal was the mayor of Cormorant Township, Minnesota?
Questions: "text":"Which John Steinbeck novel features a character named after his own grandfather?
Questions: "text":"“Go ahead, make my day” was first said by Clint Eastwood in which movie?
Questions: "text":"People who are up to no good together are “in” what?
Questions: "text":"Which drink usually goes through the carbonation process?
Questions: "text":"Chelsea boots typically rise to what height?
Questions: "text":"Harissa is a sauce traditionally made with what main ingredient?
Questions: "text":"Which of these modes of transportation is NOT available in Greenland?
Questions: "text":"Going to a concert you don’t want to go to because you already bought the ticket is an example of what?
Questions: "text":"In American Sign Language, alternately raised thumbs-ups indicate which question?
Questions: "text":"Conan O’Brien’s longtime bandleader was also the drummer of what musical group?
Questions: "text":"Which of these US states has the fewest number of counties?
Questions: "text":"The popular website HelloGiggles was acquired by the same media owner as what property?
Questions: "text":"Which was the first baseball team to receive rings for its World Series win?
Questions: "text":"What Thanksgiving dish does the car rental employee NOT discuss in the famous “Planes, Trains & Automobiles” scene?
Questions: "text":"According to a current guitar-playing WWE superstar, what does “WWE” stand for?
Questions: "text":"Why Would Ernie?
Questions: "text":"In the WWE Universe, how often does the holiday known as “Rusev Day” take place?
Questions: "text":"Who ended the Undertaker’s 21-match Wrestlemania winning streak?
Questions: "text":"Who was the first woman to win the Intercontinental Championship?
Questions: "text":"What ’90s ad catchphrase would the Dudley Boyz yell before landing a headbutt to the groin?
Questions: "text":"Wazzup?
Questions: "text":"What was the nickname of Goldust’s real-life father?
Questions: "text":"What wrestler held the WWE championship belt for the greatest combined number of days?
Questions: "text":"What wrestler was NOT part of the tag team known as “The New Age Outlaws”?
Questions: "text":"Which wrestler won the Royal Rumble as one of the first two entrants?
Questions: "text":"Which event features the greatest number of turnbuckles?
Questions: "text":"What city is represented by the area code that lends its name to Rey Mysterio’s finishing move?
Questions: "text":"Which of these wrestlers was at one time considered a “Grand Slam” champion in WWE?
Questions: "text":"What TV show has long been associated with the phrase \"Winter is coming\"?
Questions: "text":"The coldest natural temperatures on Earth have been recorded where?
Questions: "text":"By definition, when does “après-ski” usually occur?
Questions: "text":"A “May/December romance” typically describes what kind of relationship?
Questions: "text":"In which of these places is it winter in July?
Questions: "text":"Which of these “The Sopranos” episodes famously takes place in a very snowy setting?
Questions: "text":"What is the title of Robert Frost’s classic poem about two roads?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is featured in the “Ice, Ice, Baby” music video?
Questions: "text":"“The Winter’s Tale” features a heroine with the same name as a character from what series?
Questions: "text":"Which of these activities does the “Frozen” snowman fantasize about in his musical number?
Questions: "text":"Which of these cold-weather flicks was released in the winter in the US?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT a pun uttered by Mr. Freeze in “Batman & Robin”?
Questions: "text":"High School Question","answer":["WILL","YOU","GO","TO","PROM","WITH","ME?
Questions: "text":"The game of poker is traditionally played with what?
Questions: "text":"The Declaration of Independence makes reference to “Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of” what?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT a kind of carbohydrate?
Questions: "text":"In the viral video “Charlie Bit My Finger,” what is Charlie?
Questions: "text":"Something that has gone “all higgledy-piggledy” is in what condition?
Questions: "text":"Multiple dogs are prominently featured in a new trailer for what upcoming film?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is one of Apple Computer’s less successful products?
Questions: "text":"On 12 consecutive piano keys, how many are there of each color?
Questions: "text":"Which of these actors has directed episodes of both “The Sopranos” and “30 Rock”?
Questions: "text":"“Moby-Dick” begins with what type of sentence?
Questions: "text":"Rankin/Bass made an animated New Year’s Eve special that required Rudolph to travel where?
Questions: "text":"Which of these countries reaches the northernmost latitude?
Questions: "text":"“Grey’s Anatomy” is primarily a show about what?
Questions: "text":"Where is “Grey’s Anatomy” mainly set?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a “Grey’s Anatomy” spin-off?
Questions: "text":"Which of these couples got married first?
Questions: "text":"Before saying goodbye, Cristina compares Meredith to what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is one of Meredith and Derek’s Post-It vows?
Questions: "text":"Which of these nicknames is NOT suggested for McSteamy?
Questions: "text":"What is the last line Meredith says to Derek before he's taken off life support?
Questions: "text":"When Meredith’s underwear is pasted to the bulletin board, what does the sign say?
Questions: "text":"Is this yours?
Questions: "text":"What is the first thing Callie says after waking up in the musical episode?
Questions: "text":"Who is the last intern to “confess” to cutting the LVAD wire when Izzie tries to save Denny?
Questions: "text":"What is the last spoken line in the first-ever episode of “Grey’s Anatomy”?
Questions: "text":"Greeting","answer":["HOW","ARE","YOU?
Questions: "text":"Internet Question","answer":["FORGOT","YOUR","PASSWORD?
Questions: "text":"In construction, what is a useful material for holding bricks together?
Questions: "text":"A famous quote from “The Godfather” is, “I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t” what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a common type of salad dressing?
Questions: "text":"By definition, what is a glossophobe afraid of?
Questions: "text":"Who was president of the US when World War II ended?
Questions: "text":"“Scrambled Eggs” was Paul McCartney’s placeholder title as he wrote what song?
Questions: "text":"Which of these places shares a border with Hungary?
Questions: "text":"Salvador Dali once designed a logo for what type of snack?
Questions: "text":"The graphics to the original “Pac-Man” include a symbol from what other video game?
Questions: "text":"Massive fad toy brand Giga Pets included which of these varieties?
Questions: "text":"What is the capital of the state with the lowest percentage of licensed drivers?
Questions: "text":"Which musician did NOT complete his EGOT last year?
Questions: "text":"What's on TV?
Questions: "text":"What's on Sale?
Questions: "text":"What is a name for the raised skin that occurs when someone is cold or excited?
Questions: "text":"Which of these terms describes a maker of hats?
Questions: "text":"Which social media app’s mascot is a ghost?
Questions: "text":"What was Charlemagne the Emperor’s given name?
Questions: "text":"Ouroboros is the name of what ancient symbol?
Questions: "text":"Which cast member from “Party of Five” also released a pop single?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of Harvard’s student newspaper?
Questions: "text":"The NBA basketball player nicknamed “The Mailman” played for what team?
Questions: "text":"In mathematics, the “37 percent rule” is also known by what name?
Questions: "text":"“Cultivate your own garden” is the life philosophy made famous by what literary mind?
Questions: "text":"In Shania Twain’s “Man! I Feel Like A Woman” lyrics, what does NOT get mentioned?
Questions: "text":"Which classic “Star Wars” line is recreated in “Solo: A Star Wars Story”?
Questions: "text":"Small Talk","answer":["SO,","WHAT","DO","YOU","DO?
Questions: "text":"Why Are We Cursed?
Questions: "text":"Most fireplace smoke escapes the home through what?
Questions: "text":"A slang term going back to the ’90s is “all that and a bag of” what?
Questions: "text":"What nation is often mistakenly referred to as “Holland”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT a current or former character in Candy Land?
Questions: "text":"What volcano buried the city of Pompeii in 79 AD?
Questions: "text":"Which musical instrument features f-holes?
Questions: "text":"What mythical place is mentioned in Plato’s writings?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a type of pasta?
Questions: "text":"In the comic strip “Garfield,” what is Jon’s occupation?
Questions: "text":"The first album to receive platinum certification was by a band featuring which of these people?
Questions: "text":"Whose flag is NOT an irregular pentagon?
Questions: "text":"What TV show’s theme song has a title that references the name of the band performing it?
Questions: "text":"Samuel Clemens’ pen name came from a nautical measure equal to what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these was an officially recognized Olympic sport for only one Olympiad?
Questions: "text":"Which of these African nations is a likely setting for Disney’s “The Lion King”?
Questions: "text":"Teacher's Question","answer":["DID","YOU","DO","THE","READING?
Questions: "text":"In football, what is the name of the play where a team attempts to recover their own kickoff?
Questions: "text":"What college basketball team’s stars were nicknamed “The Fab Five” in the ’90s?
Questions: "text":"Which league currently allows players to go straight from high school to the top professional level?
Questions: "text":"Who is the highest American seed at this year’s Women’s Australian Open?
Questions: "text":"The oldest active player in the NFL plays what position?
Questions: "text":"In terms of total guaranteed money, what pitcher signed the largest free-agent deal in MLB history?
Questions: "text":"What player debuted the first-ever “self-lacing” basketball shoe in a game this week?
Questions: "text":"What was the last franchise to win four consecutive Stanley Cups?
Questions: "text":"The soccer legend whose full name was Edson Arantes do Nascimento played for what nation?
Questions: "text":"Which of these racers was NOT named IndyCar Rookie of the Year?
Questions: "text":"What team currently has two of the NBA’s top five leaders in steals?
Questions: "text":"Which of these players did NOT touch the ball on the play known as the “Immaculate Reception”?
Questions: "text":"What musical famously features the song “Seasons of Love”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these musical children sings the famous song “Tomorrow”?
Questions: "text":"What question is repeatedly asked in the song “Rent” from “Rent”?
Questions: "text":"When we gonna pay?
Questions: "text":"How we gonna pay?
Questions: "text":"Why we gotta pay?
Questions: "text":"Before “Hamilton,” Lin-Manuel Miranda wrote the music and lyrics for which show?
Questions: "text":"Which of these musical titles does NOT actually end with an exclamation point?
Questions: "text":"Which of these insults does Maureen hurl at Joanne in the “Rent” showstopper “Take Me or Leave Me”?
Questions: "text":"According to the lyrics in “The Producers,” why does Leo “wanna be a producer”?
Questions: "text":"The playwright of “Kinky Boots” made his mark on Broadway in what iconic role?
Questions: "text":"Which of these long-running musicals premiered on Broadway?
Questions: "text":"Which language is NOT sung in the opening number of “The Book of Mormon”?
Questions: "text":"Broadway’s original Eliza Doolittle was also in the original Broadway cast of what show?
Questions: "text":"Jonathan Larson predicted “Rent” would be the ’90s version of the musical with what song?
Questions: "text":"Which of these animals produce pearls?
Questions: "text":"What just became the first superhero movie to receive a Best Picture Oscar nomination?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is both a type of poem and a city in Ireland?
Questions: "text":"Which of these band names includes an intentional pun?
Questions: "text":"What Batman movie has a villain with the same name as a character from “The Wizard of Oz”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a position in both gridiron and association football?
Questions: "text":"Which of these movies was NOT just nominated for a Best Picture Oscar?
Questions: "text":"Which of these US states is the farthest west?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of Luigi’s long-rumored love interest in “Super Mario Bros.”?
Questions: "text":"The commercial capital of Sri Lanka sounds like the name of an iconic TV character played by who?
Questions: "text":"Which of these fashion designers was NOT born in France?
Questions: "text":"Who was US president when the “Oregon Trail” computer game was originally released?
Questions: "text":"An extravagant welcome is often referred to as “rolling out the” what?
Questions: "text":"In the US, which of these students is typically in their third year of high school?
Questions: "text":"What word is in the formal name of the United States’ capital city?
Questions: "text":"What instrument was jazz legend Miles Davis famous for playing?
Questions: "text":"Which of these tech firms is based in a Nordic country?
Questions: "text":"Which tequila variety is typically the darkest?
Questions: "text":"Which of these sports has the widest regulation net?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT one of the two standard forms of the Hindustani language?
Questions: "text":"The recent end of the Activision/Bungie partnership was big news for fans of what game?
Questions: "text":"The famous saying “information wants to be free” is credited to the creator of what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these people is NOT a Nobel Peace Prize recipient?
Questions: "text":"The last Best Picture Oscar winner to have two directors was in what genre?
Questions: "text":"What’s on TV?
Questions: "text":"Which of these positions usually does NOT wear any gloves?
Questions: "text":"What tennis player announced his plans to retire after this year’s Wimbledon?
Questions: "text":"The NBA’s all-time leader in assists played his entire career for what team?
Questions: "text":"Edgar Martinez twice led the major leagues in what category?
Questions: "text":"What woman won three consecutive Concacaf awards for North American soccer player of the year?
Questions: "text":"Which of these athletes was both a WWE champion and a US Olympian?
Questions: "text":"Which of these players does NOT usually shoot left-handed?
Questions: "text":"Which of these AL Central teams actually plays home games in the Central Time Zone?
Questions: "text":"Which of these players from the class of 2011 has the highest career QB rating?
Questions: "text":"Who led MLB in both Fangraphs and Baseball Reference WAR last year?
Questions: "text":"Which of these NFL teams had a player selected to the 2019 Pro Bowl?
Questions: "text":"The award for most points scored in an NHL season is named after a man who played what position?
Questions: "text":"What Michael Jackson music video is this?
Questions: "text":"Who is the artist behind this music video?
Questions: "text":"Which Britney Spears album includes this hit single?
Questions: "text":"The director of this music video also directed episodes of what TV show?
Questions: "text":"In the video for Kanye West’s “Runaway,” who rushes the screen after this moment?
Questions: "text":"What does Beyoncé smash after taking a bat to the car in this music video?
Questions: "text":"Where does this music video take place?
Questions: "text":"Who makes a surprise appearance in this LMFAO music video?
Questions: "text":"In the music video for “Friday,” which car seat does Rebecca Black end up taking?
Questions: "text":"What outfit is Olivia Newton-John next seen wearing in this music video?
Questions: "text":"Which superhero film does NOT star a woman who cameos in this Drake video?
Questions: "text":"The director of this music video went on to direct a film version of what novel?
Questions: "text":"Which shape is considered ideal for wheels?
Questions: "text":"James Bond is famous for introducing himself how?
Questions: "text":"California’s longest border is with which state?
Questions: "text":"The son of James Gandolfini was just announced as playing what extremely appropriate role?
Questions: "text":"What is rather improbably considered a woodwind instrument?
Questions: "text":"The deepest naturally occurring place in all of Earth’s oceans is in which one?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a form of Thai food?
Questions: "text":"What aspect of a glen determines how sylvan it is?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is the name of a Kentucky Derby-winning horse?
Questions: "text":"Which of these animals is an odd-toed ungulate?
Questions: "text":"Which villain did NOT appear in “Super Mario Bros. 3”?
Questions: "text":"X and Henrietta from “Mister Rogers’ Neighborhood” were likely inspired by a poem written by whom?
Questions: "text":"Pawnee’s beloved Li'l Sebastian was what kind of animal?
Questions: "text":"Councilman Jeremy Jamm is known for which appropriate catchphrase?
Questions: "text":"Jean-Ralphio’s sister is named after a painting by which artist?
Questions: "text":"What date did April usually offer for meetings with Ron Swanson?
Questions: "text":"In “Ms. Knope Goes to Washington,” what does Ron’s permit say?
Questions: "text":"Which of these activities do Donna and Tom mention when explaining “Treat Yo Self”?
Questions: "text":"Councilman Jamm and Leslie manage to have a nice time at karaoke singing a song from what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is specifically listed as an ingredient in Snake Juice?
Questions: "text":"Andy’s long-kept secrets included which of the following?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT a compliment Leslie gives to Ann?
Questions: "text":"What kind of topping does Leslie put on her waffles when she has the flu?
Questions: "text":"Which of these headlines is visible on Leslie’s newspaper wedding dress?
Questions: "text":"What's For Dinner?
Questions: "text":"Superman is often referred to as the “Man of” what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is grammatically correct?
Questions: "text":"Which of these creatures has gills?
Questions: "text":"Which of these nations does NOT border a sea?
Questions: "text":"Which of these people has been an “American Idol” judge?
Questions: "text":"An au pair essentially does a fancy form of what kind of job?
Questions: "text":"Which citrus fruit is a hybrid of two other species?
Questions: "text":"What phrase does NOT appear in either of Lewis Carroll’s “Alice” books?
Questions: "text":"New members of Congress take an oath containing what word NOT in the president’s oath?
Questions: "text":"Which “Donkey Kong” game first featured an elderly gorilla named Cranky Kong?
Questions: "text":"As a boy, André the Giant was occasionally given rides to school by a future Nobel laureate in what?
Questions: "text":"What rock legend’s highest-charting single was a comedic double-entendre song?
Questions: "text":"An old saying tells us not to cry over spilled what?
Questions: "text":"One of Prince’s early hit songs was “Let’s Go” what?
Questions: "text":"Which is a type of book made up of smaller literary pieces?
Questions: "text":"Which of these animals does NOT regularly shed its skin?
Questions: "text":"By definition, what is fruit jam containing pieces of the peel called?
Questions: "text":"Which is a good mnemonic device for the first four planets in the Solar System?
Questions: "text":"In modern standard editions of Connect Four, what is NOT one of the two game piece colors?
Questions: "text":"What do you do to wine to make brandy?
Questions: "text":"Which of these words describes something that has become anticlimactic?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Sanrio characters is a dog?
Questions: "text":"The largest non-American electronics company makes what phone?
Questions: "text":"At the start of modern Disney movies, what is on the flag flying above the castle?
Questions: "text":"Common Greeting","answer":["WHAT’S","UP?
Questions: "text":"A sad person is said to be “down in the” what?
Questions: "text":"What was the name of George Washington’s wife?
Questions: "text":"Who created Sherlock Holmes?
Questions: "text":"In which card game can a player choose to “double down”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a synonym for “taciturn”?
Questions: "text":"The meat that Americans call “Canadian bacon” comes from what part of the pig?
Questions: "text":"Which of these animals is NOT a “bird of prey”?
Questions: "text":"What country has the longest canal on Earth?
Questions: "text":"A mistakenly released Taylor Swift track, which hit No. 1 on iTunes Canada, was eight seconds of what?
Questions: "text":"The country that comes first alphabetically is located on what continent?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Jane Austen characters was introduced first?
Questions: "text":"The three-minute-long tracking shot in “Goodfellas” ends on what legendary comedian?
Questions: "text":"In 1986, dozens of new animal species were discovered in a cave sealed off from the world in what country?
Questions: "text":"Which scientific word can be spelled out by simply combining symbols for chemical elements?
Questions: "text":"Which of these 20th-century TV shows was set furthest in the past?
Questions: "text":"Americans are estimated to bet $6 billion on what upcoming sports event?
Questions: "text":"What area of the baseball field typically contains the greatest number of fielders?
Questions: "text":"What NBA star just requested to be traded from the New Orleans Pelicans?
Questions: "text":"In club soccer, the period of time where players are allowed to change teams is called what?
Questions: "text":"Which team was NOT in the most recent non-Warriors/Cavaliers NBA Finals?
Questions: "text":"What NFL team won the greatest number of shutouts in a single postseason?
Questions: "text":"Before James Harden, who was the last NBA MVP to primarily shoot left-handed?
Questions: "text":"Who was the defending Australian Open champion eliminated early in this year’s tournament?
Questions: "text":"Before Mariano Rivera, who received the highest percentage of Baseball Hall of Fame votes?
Questions: "text":"The only wrestler to win four Division I championships in four different weight classes attended what school?
Questions: "text":"Which of these countries boasts the greatest number of Indy 500 winners?
Questions: "text":"Who was the oldest men’s tennis player ever to attain the year-end No. 1 world ranking?
Questions: "text":"Horror Debate","answer":["BIRD","BOX","OR","A","QUIET","PLACE?
Questions: "text":"“I know it was you, Fredo” is a line from what classic mafia movie sequel?
Questions: "text":"In “To All the Boys I’ve Loved Before,” what gets sent to all the boys?
Questions: "text":"What does Dorothy have to do with her ruby slippers in order to go home?
Questions: "text":"The hit biopic “Straight Outta Compton” is based on what music group?
Questions: "text":"Jim Carrey became the first actor to make $20 million per movie for what film?
Questions: "text":"Which of these romantic movies does NOT have a dramatic airport scene?
Questions: "text":"What is the response after Indiana Jones first asks, “Snakes, why’d it have to be snakes?
Questions: "text":"Which of these on-screen Batmans has also played a fictional US president in a movie?
Questions: "text":"In which film did Marilyn Monroe portray a ukulele player?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is one of the aliases of the lead hacker in “Hackers”?
Questions: "text":"What Disney movie inspired the Beatles lyric “Do you want to know a secret?
Questions: "text":"The “Special Thanks” in the end credits of “Wall-E” includes the director of which film?
Questions: "text":"In terms of days, what is the shortest month of the year?
Questions: "text":"What upcoming film's trailer features the nursery rhyme character Bo Peep?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is both a color and a common kind of makeup?
Questions: "text":"McGill University is a prestigious school in what country?
Questions: "text":"What explorer is credited with leading the first circumnavigation of the world?
Questions: "text":"Kabbalah is a school of thought in what religion?
Questions: "text":"Michael B. Jordan made headlines at the SAG awards for wearing a very colorful what?
Questions: "text":"Anubis is an Egyptian god with the head of a what?
Questions: "text":"What country was in the G8 but NOT the G7?
Questions: "text":"What is the capital of New Zealand?
Questions: "text":"The youngest-ever player in Major League Baseball pitched for which team?
Questions: "text":"Which of these artists’ biggest US hits is a cover?
Questions: "text":"Who Needs Some Sleep?
Questions: "text":"Hippie Question","answer":["WHAT’S","YOUR","SPIRIT","ANIMAL?
Questions: "text":"What creatures use echolocation to “see”?
Questions: "text":"For good luck, many brides carry “something old, something new, something borrowed,” and something what?
Questions: "text":"By definition, where do docents most often give tours?
Questions: "text":"Which of these words is part of the common business acronym NDA?
Questions: "text":"Single-origin coffee beans can be from the same what?
Questions: "text":"The Disney character named for Archimedes is what kind of animal?
Questions: "text":"In “Home Alone 2,” what was the name of the recording device Kevin used?
Questions: "text":"Which of these historical figures wrote a romance novel?
Questions: "text":"Which of these actresses has NOT played Audrey Hepburn in a biopic?
Questions: "text":"A famous play by which writer features a lead character named Roxane?
Questions: "text":"In the lyrics of “What Makes You Beautiful,” what overwhelms the members of One Direction?
Questions: "text":"The writer of which massive book franchise has been quoted as saying, “I am so over it”?
Questions: "text":"When a hockey player hits a shot without attempting to control the pass first, it’s called a what?
Questions: "text":"The “Pro Bowl” is the name of the all-star game in what league?
Questions: "text":"What school has won the second-greatest number of women’s NCAA basketball titles?
Questions: "text":"What unit of time is the same in college basketball and the NBA?
Questions: "text":"What team will receive the first draft pick in the 2019 NFL Draft?
Questions: "text":"Who has the most saves among players NOT inducted to the Baseball Hall of Fame?
Questions: "text":"What current hockey team used to be called the Whalers?
Questions: "text":"Since 2015, what MLB stadium has seen the greatest number of home runs?
Questions: "text":"What running back once ran for a negative yardage total in a playoff loss?
Questions: "text":"Which country is NOT included in the rugby union tournament known as the Tri Nations Cup?
Questions: "text":"At its minimum, which of these covers the greatest horizontal distance?
Questions: "text":"Who is the NBA’s all-time leading scorer among players who never made a regulation three-pointer?
Questions: "text":"What movie was filmed and set in this city?
Questions: "text":"In what European city was this footage taken?
Questions: "text":"This landmark is known as both Uluru and what?
Questions: "text":"This waterfall, the world’s largest sheet of falling water, lies on the border between which two countries?
Questions: "text":"As seen in an “Indiana Jones” movie, where is this landmark located?
Questions: "text":"What are these sculptures called by those who live near them?
Questions: "text":"Linguists can guess from this creature’s name that it is found where?
Questions: "text":"What language is spoken in the communities near this massive radio telescope?
Questions: "text":"This animal breed was named for the capital of what nation?
Questions: "text":"Footage of this place briefly appeared in the opening ceremony to which Summer Olympics?
Questions: "text":"This time-lapse footage of the Sun was taken close to where?
Questions: "text":"This animal, shown in its defensive posture, is found on what two continents?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a play by William Shakespeare?
Questions: "text":"Which of these desserts usually contains at least some dairy?
Questions: "text":"What pop star recently got an incorrect tattoo that was supposed to mean “seven rings”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is the official name for residents of Sydney, Australia?
Questions: "text":"The haircut made famous by gymnastics legend Mary Lou Retton is commonly known as what?
Questions: "text":"In the modern Catholic Church, which of these titles ranks highest?
Questions: "text":"Though it’s associated with the holidays, which plant is botanically considered a parasite?
Questions: "text":"The main governing body for international synchronized swimming recently renamed the sport what?
Questions: "text":"The Greek name Hieronymus corresponds with what English-language name?
Questions: "text":"Which famous detective was NOT portrayed by Humphrey Bogart?
Questions: "text":"Which country’s national anthem asks God to quash the “knavish tricks” of enemies?
Questions: "text":"Bessie Stringfield is famous for being the first black woman to do what solo?
Questions: "text":"Moral Dilemma","answer":["BORROW","OR","ROB?
Questions: "text":"Why is the Trash Moving?
Questions: "text":"Want some Chinese Food?
Questions: "text":"What is the Gilmore Girls’ favorite thing to drink?
Questions: "text":"Which famous actress played Sookie, Lorelai’s best friend?
Questions: "text":"What prestigious college does Rory end up attending?
Questions: "text":"Who does Lorelai call off her wedding to toward the start of the second season?
Questions: "text":"What was unusual about Lorelai as a child?
Questions: "text":"Richard memorably insults Emily after she threatens to consume what at lunch in Europe?
Questions: "text":"What does Rory yell as she runs away from Jess after their first kiss?
Questions: "text":"When Emily visits Luke’s to urge him to go back to Lorelai, what menu item does she learn about?
Questions: "text":"In Rory’s valedictorian speech, who does she NOT mention as a Lorelai-approved role model?
Questions: "text":"When Paris and Jess are discussing books, what writing advice does Paris give for Jack Kerouac?
Questions: "text":"What does Rory say after her first kiss with Dean?
Questions: "text":"That's it?
Questions: "text":"Which character is present when “Oy, with the poodles already!” is first uttered?
Questions: "text":"What's on the Radio?
Questions: "text":"In what job would you deliver letters to people’s homes?
Questions: "text":"Who makes the Macintosh line of computers?
Questions: "text":"Who was a World War II hero before being elected to the US presidency?
Questions: "text":"What sports league’s championship competition is named after this toy?
Questions: "text":"In “Super Mario World,” what item does Mario pick up to gain the power of flight?
Questions: "text":"Which “Harry Potter” book has sold the most copies?
Questions: "text":"Biologically speaking, which of these crabs is a true crab?
Questions: "text":"Which of these places voted last year to change its official name?
Questions: "text":"M&M’s were reportedly based on a British candy with what name?
Questions: "text":"Olivia Newton-John’s grandfather was a Nobel laureate in what category?
Questions: "text":"What traditional clothing would a Tuvan throat singer likely wear?
Questions: "text":"Which Shakespeare play is NOT quoted in 1971’s “Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory”?
Questions: "text":"An old proverb warns not to count your chickens before they what?
Questions: "text":"Compared to a regular year, how many days does a leap year have?
Questions: "text":"Which of these movie series has won a Best Picture Oscar?
Questions: "text":"What US state capital comes first alphabetically?
Questions: "text":"What word is NOT an example of onomatopoeia?
Questions: "text":"In physics, what is mass times velocity?
Questions: "text":"On what body part is a snood typically worn?
Questions: "text":"According to Bill Gates, Microsoft and Apple both stole their visual interface from what company?
Questions: "text":"The species known as the world’s only venomous primate is naturally found where?
Questions: "text":"Which of these video games was part of Valve’s famous “Orange Box” collection?
Questions: "text":"Who was president during the period of US history known as the Gilded Age?
Questions: "text":"Since 1987, the Super Bowl MVP has often followed the game by saying “I’m going to” what?
Questions: "text":"What NFL championship team’s players got a Grammy nomination for the song “Super Bowl Shuffle”?
Questions: "text":"Who is the only player to kick a Super Bowl-winning field goal as time fully expired?
Questions: "text":"What player once returned an interception for a 100-yard touchdown in a Super Bowl?
Questions: "text":"Which of these NFL teams has NOT appeared in three straight Super Bowls?
Questions: "text":"The only Super Bowl MVP from a losing team played what position?
Questions: "text":"Which NFL team had the largest margin of victory in a single Super Bowl?
Questions: "text":"Which of these has NOT occurred in a Super Bowl?
Questions: "text":"Which of these factors determines the Super Bowl “home team”?
Questions: "text":"What Super Bowl matchup has happened the greatest number of times?
Questions: "text":"Which of these plays has happened on consecutive Super Bowl possessions?
Questions: "text":"Who is the only QB with at least three Super Bowl wins to never throw a Super Bowl interception?
Questions: "text":"According to an old saying, if you’re doing well you’re “bringing home the” what?
Questions: "text":"When pork is cured to become bacon, which of these is most important?
Questions: "text":"A common movie trivia game based on Kevin Bacon is known as what?
Questions: "text":"Bacon made specifically from pork loin is often called what in the US?
Questions: "text":"What Canadian legend starred in the ’90s comedy “Canadian Bacon”?
Questions: "text":"When cooking a strip of bacon on a hot skillet, which of the two main parts shrinks faster?
Questions: "text":"The English philosopher Francis Bacon is most closely associated with developing what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these meats is most similar to bacon?
Questions: "text":"Which of these artists has released a single simply called “Bacon”?
Questions: "text":"The word “bacon” comes from a very old European word often translated as what?
Questions: "text":"One of the priciest paintings ever auctioned is a late ’60s piece by Francis Bacon that depicts what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these actors is the most “degrees” separated from Kevin Bacon?
Questions: "text":"What’s the Cilantro For?
Questions: "text":"Which Side Are You On?
Questions: "text":"Major League Baseball bats are made out of what?
Questions: "text":"Who is now No. 2 all-time in NFL career playoff receptions?
Questions: "text":"The Knicks just dealt star Kristaps Porzingis to what NBA team?
Questions: "text":"Due to off-field drama, what NFL team’s star wide receiver said they had to “stop being the Kardashians”?
Questions: "text":"What was the first top seed in men’s college basketball to lose to a 16-seed during March Madness?
Questions: "text":"Who is the most recent FedEx Cup Champion?
Questions: "text":"Kendall Coyne became the first woman to compete in what NHL All-Star event?
Questions: "text":"Who was the youngest-ever No. 1-ranked player in men’s tennis?
Questions: "text":"The record for most Formula 1 series championships is held by a driver from what nation?
Questions: "text":"What goalkeeper has played the most games in US men’s soccer history?
Questions: "text":"Which of these left-handed pitchers got the lowest percentage of the Baseball Hall of Fame vote?
Questions: "text":"What team was the lowest seed to win the NBA Finals?
Questions: "text":"What name does Ross accidentally say next?
Questions: "text":"Who is secretly in bed with Chandler during this scene?
Questions: "text":"What does Ross famously yell repeatedly in this scene?
Questions: "text":"What food does Brad Pitt’s character demand right after this revelation?
Questions: "text":"In the opening credits of the first season, who sits on the couch first?
Questions: "text":"What announcement puts an end to this argument?
Questions: "text":"What does Ross say he’s going to make for dinner here?
Questions: "text":"Who is actually at the door in this scene?
Questions: "text":"In this clip, Monica is confounded that Joey doesn’t care about what?
Questions: "text":"After watching this video, which character tells Ross, “I can’t believe you did that”?
Questions: "text":"What does Rachel try to order on the phone here?
Questions: "text":"What is the very last thing the friends talk about before this moment?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a common form of punctuation?
Questions: "text":"According to the Chinese zodiac, today’s Lunar New Year kicks off the Year of the what?
Questions: "text":"Which US state is the smallest by area?
Questions: "text":"Which type of alcohol is traditionally found in sangria?
Questions: "text":"What color is the bottom stripe on the US flag?
Questions: "text":"The Inca Empire was primarily located in what present-day place?
Questions: "text":"Who famously painted a smoking pipe with the French-language caption “This is not a pipe”?
Questions: "text":"Which jazz legend was known for playing a trumpet with its bell bent upward?
Questions: "text":"What key can you press to pause a YouTube video?
Questions: "text":"A NASA probe found last year that the Solar System is losing which feature faster than expected?
Questions: "text":"Which of these all-time sports legends competed in a prime number jersey?
Questions: "text":"Which video game does NOT have an official Monopoly edition?
Questions: "text":"Which of these was a hot ’80s toy?
Questions: "text":"In 1987, Ronald Reagan famously said, “Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this” what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these was the name of a popular ’80s jacket brand?
Questions: "text":"Which dungeon-crawling arcade game was playable by four people simultaneously?
Questions: "text":"Who directed the highest-grossing ’80s movie that was NOT part of a franchise?
Questions: "text":"What memorably happened during the women’s 3000-meter race in the 1984 Olympics?
Questions: "text":"What ’80s prime time TV show had an eight-month cliffhanger thanks to a writers strike?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Tom Cruise movies did NOT give a sales boost to Ray-Ban sunglasses?
Questions: "text":"What all-girl group had the No. 4 Billboard hit “I Heard a Rumour”?
Questions: "text":"In the iconic “Top That” scene in “Teen Witch,” which of these accessories is a boy NOT wearing?
Questions: "text":"What not-as-successful toy line came from the inventor of Cabbage Patch Kids?
Questions: "text":"Whose music video still holds the record for most VMAs awarded to a single video?
Questions: "text":"Where's the Princess?
Questions: "text":"What's on the Mug?
Questions: "text":"What is the nickname of the NCAA Division I basketball tournament?
Questions: "text":"What was the real first name of the baseball legend known as “Charlie Hustle”?
Questions: "text":"This year’s NFL MVP played for what team?
Questions: "text":"Which of these players is NOT a team captain for the NBA All-Star Game?
Questions: "text":"Which of these running backs eclipsed 2,000 yards from scrimmage as an NFL rookie?
Questions: "text":"Which city has an MLB franchise that plays in a stadium that shares the name of the team?
Questions: "text":"Which of these NBA players has had a longer streak of 30-point games than James Harden?
Questions: "text":"What team recently hired the first female assistant GM in NBA history?
Questions: "text":"Who was the last goaltender to win the Hart Trophy for NHL MVP?
Questions: "text":"Which of these golfers won the same major three years in a row?
Questions: "text":"What NASCAR racer is second only to Richard Petty in career wins?
Questions: "text":"Which of these MLB pitchers has NOT thrown a wild pitch in the last two years?
Questions: "text":"A popular song from “The LEGO Movie” asserts that everything is what?
Questions: "text":"What catchphrase was popularized by comedian Tiffany Haddish?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of large LEGO pieces designed for smaller kids?
Questions: "text":"The members of The Lonely Island worked together on what TV show?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT a profession held by a Chris Pratt movie character?
Questions: "text":"The original inspiration for Batman’s cape came from a sketch by whom?
Questions: "text":"LEGO bricks were invented in what country?
Questions: "text":"The name “LEGO” is derived from what two Danish words?
Questions: "text":"Which of these fashion designers is famous for popularizing the “punk” look?
Questions: "text":"Who supplied key building material for the construction of the original Yankee Stadium?
Questions: "text":"The Guinness World Record for largest LEGO structure features what landmark?
Questions: "text":"Which of these authors wrote far more novels than the other two?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of the first-ever LEGO computer game released in the US?
Questions: "text":"Which of these classic ’80s songs repeatedly mentions a 1909 Nobel Prize winner?
Questions: "text":"What is the newest color introduced to the LEGO brick palette?
Questions: "text":"Trendy Question","answer":["DOES","IT","SPARK","JOY?
Questions: "text":"According to an old saying, what “heals all wounds”?
Questions: "text":"Whose flag combines designs representing England, Scotland, and Ireland?
Questions: "text":"A few months after fighting at a “Harper’s Bazaar” party, who is now on this “Harper’s Bazaar” cover?
Questions: "text":"Where is a cummerbund typically worn?
Questions: "text":"When a group of people misremember something in the same way, it is known as what?
Questions: "text":"Botanically, which of these is a true berry?
Questions: "text":"Which of these clauses is essential to the First Amendment of the US Constitution?
Questions: "text":"What musician famously sang and danced in a Japanese commercial for instant soup?
Questions: "text":"What chemical element is known as “natrium” in Latin?
Questions: "text":"What classic comedy film is a nearly scene-for-scene remake of the 1957 film “Zero Hour”?
Questions: "text":"What was the second video game Pac-Man appeared in?
Questions: "text":"Ironically, actor David Harbour snapped his Achilles during a performance of what Shakespeare play?
Questions: "text":"What are the opening words of the Bible?
Questions: "text":"Hark! Who goes there?
Questions: "text":"Benjamin Franklin is famous for his pioneering experiments with what energy source?
Questions: "text":"Which is a common variety of tea?
Questions: "text":"Which of these characters is NOT known for loving Italian food?
Questions: "text":"Which of these games was invented in the 19th century?
Questions: "text":"On the island of Borneo, which nation shares borders with the other two?
Questions: "text":"Which of these well-known products is NOT patented?
Questions: "text":"What kind of animal is the only non-human to appear in the title of a Shakespeare play?
Questions: "text":"What actor filmed “Lord of the Rings” while secretly wearing a sports jersey under his costume?
Questions: "text":"The SI-derived unit of radioactivity is named for a colleague of whom?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is an anagram for a US state?
Questions: "text":"What music is NOT on UNESCO’s lists of Intangible Cultural Heritage?
Questions: "text":"Need Some Retro Advice?
Questions: "text":"Which is a key ingredient in marshmallows?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a “Sesame Street” character?
Questions: "text":"Which of these people co-founded Microsoft?
Questions: "text":"Which animal has a massive horn-like protrusion that is actually a tooth?
Questions: "text":"Where in the United States is the Delmarva Peninsula?
Questions: "text":"In chess, what happens if your pawn reaches your opponent’s back rank?
Questions: "text":"Queen’s “Bohemian Rhapsody” was recorded with the same piano used for what other massive hit?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT considered an elementary particle?
Questions: "text":"The crime-fighting character Don Diego de la Vega uses an alias named for what animal?
Questions: "text":"Which technical innovation was last to be introduced in an American feature film?
Questions: "text":"Which of these cities had a team in the first incarnation of the XFL?
Questions: "text":"Which of these fictional creatures is NOT a creation of Dr. Seuss?
Questions: "text":"Can I Get a Sip?
Questions: "text":"What's in the Lunch Box?
Questions: "text":"The letters in the wrestling company WWE stand for “World Wrestling” what?
Questions: "text":"Which vegetable is NOT a gourd?
Questions: "text":"Which word can mean either “speak” or “total”?
Questions: "text":"Which superhero gets his powers from a ring?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT a Greek column style?
Questions: "text":"By distance, which of these nations is closest to the United States?
Questions: "text":"In “Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory,” who found the first golden ticket?
Questions: "text":"What leader was the inspiration for Walt Whitman’s famous poem, “O Captain! My Captain!”?
Questions: "text":"The co-founder of Barnum & Bailey Circus is responsible for the mascot of what university?
Questions: "text":"Which of these bones is located below the waist of a standing person?
Questions: "text":"For more than 100 years, Nintendo has been making and selling playing cards featuring whom?
Questions: "text":"The old-fashioned name for a group of bears playfully implies they are involved in what kind of work?
Questions: "text":"What's That Phone Sound?
Questions: "text":"Who is the musical artist featured in this video?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of this song?
Questions: "text":"What now-regular stunt did P!nk premiere during her 2010 Grammys performance?
Questions: "text":"This Ariana Grande song prominently samples from what musical?
Questions: "text":"What song did Lady Gaga perform at the Grammys when she came out of this egg?
Questions: "text":"Snake imagery features prominently in the video for which Taylor Swift song?
Questions: "text":"Which of these seven-member K-pop groups is responsible for this song?
Questions: "text":"What concluded this Grammys performance from Nicki Minaj?
Questions: "text":"What Grammy award did Jennifer Lopez win the year she wore this iconic dress?
Questions: "text":"Who won the first Grammy for Album of the Year in this millennium?
Questions: "text":"Where is the band behind this music video from?
Questions: "text":"What did this win a Grammy for?
Questions: "text":"What famous artistic work is this music video about to recreate?
Questions: "text":"Which musician from this Grammy-winning hit song has a hat company?
Questions: "text":"This year’s Grammys host wrote this song subtitled for what family member?
Questions: "text":"Which member of the Ball family plays for the Lakers?
Questions: "text":"Who was the first baseball player to hit 30, 40, 50, and 60 home runs?
Questions: "text":"Heisman winner Kyler Murray just announced he is committing fully to what organization?
Questions: "text":"According to the most recent “Forbes” estimate, what is the most valuable franchise in the NBA?
Questions: "text":"Who holds the official NFL record for most sacks in a single game?
Questions: "text":"Who was the last NBA head coach not named Kerr or Lue to lead a team to the finals?
Questions: "text":"Frank Robinson broke the MLB manager color barrier when he took over what team?
Questions: "text":"What US-based team has the greatest number of Stanley Cups?
Questions: "text":"What driver said he wouldn’t race Danica Patrick because her small size gave her an advantage?
Questions: "text":"The “Auld Mug” is the name of the trophy given to the winner of what event?
Questions: "text":"Sports Illustrated’s first-ever “Sportsman of the Year” accomplished what feat?
Questions: "text":"The 22nd and 24th US president shares two of his names with a Hall of Fame player at what position?
Questions: "text":"Which of these romantic comedies does NOT primarily take place in America?
Questions: "text":"“10 Things I Hate About You” is based on a play by what author?
Questions: "text":"Who is Kate Hudson’s co-star in this movie?
Questions: "text":"In “The Notebook,” Noah tells Allie, “if you’re a bird, I’m a” what?
Questions: "text":"In which of these movies does Julia Roberts get married?
Questions: "text":"What unflattering name is Drew Barrymore upset by in “The Wedding Singer”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these tear-jerking dramas is NOT based on a Nicholas Sparks book?
Questions: "text":"What is Meg Ryan’s online alias in this film?
Questions: "text":"In which of these films does the lead couple NOT get married?
Questions: "text":"In which film does Jennifer Lopez make a stunning entrance in a pink dress?
Questions: "text":"Who crashes their own funeral in “Deliver Us From Eva”?
Questions: "text":"What song introduces Hugh Grant’s character in “Bridget Jones’s Diary”?
Questions: "text":"What's Curled up in Your Lap?
Questions: "text":"According to an old saying, you should never judge a book by its what?
Questions: "text":"Who just became the first solo female artist to win a Grammy for Best Rap Album?
Questions: "text":"Who usually sings lead for the Rolling Stones?
Questions: "text":"What baked product is named for the shape it comes in?
Questions: "text":"Which movie did NOT win the Academy Award for Best Picture?
Questions: "text":"What logical fallacy is the definition of “begging the question”?
Questions: "text":"When first celebrated in the US, Memorial Day was known as what?
Questions: "text":"In blackjack, which of these hands is a “soft 16”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these people did NOT have a cameo on the TV show “Gilmore Girls”?
Questions: "text":"The character of Popeye first debuted in what comic strip?
Questions: "text":"Which of these places has fully adopted the metric system?
Questions: "text":"The famous “I’ve fallen and I can’t get up” commercial was for what product?
Questions: "text":"What organ mainly pumps blood through the human body?
Questions: "text":"The word “lunatic” comes from when people believed mental health was connected to what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these shapes can be isosceles?
Questions: "text":"Which of these TV talent competitions has NOT featured Simon Cowell as a judge?
Questions: "text":"Ragdoll is a breed name of what kind of animal?
Questions: "text":"In “The Godfather” trilogy, what food seems to appear whenever a character is about to meet their demise?
Questions: "text":"Who recorded a 1967 album that spent more time on the Billboard charts that year than the Beatles’ “Sgt. Pepper”?
Questions: "text":"A popular early search engine was named for what author’s creation?
Questions: "text":"Which of these phrases appears in the preamble to the US Constitution?
Questions: "text":"Which word refers to human-shaped figurines often used in European-style board games?
Questions: "text":"At the 1936 Summer Olympics, what two nations discovered they had the same flag?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Shakespeare plays does NOT contain a play-within-a-play?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of the sport where players slide stones along the ice toward a target area?
Questions: "text":"What skiing legend finished their career with a third-place finish this weekend?
Questions: "text":"Who is the most recent No. 1 overall NBA draft pick to be traded?
Questions: "text":"What player led MLB in stolen bases last year?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is an actual team in the new Alliance of American Football?
Questions: "text":"Which of these players has NOT thrown 50 or more touchdowns in a season?
Questions: "text":"Who scored this iconic Stanley Cup-winning goal?
Questions: "text":"Which of these drivers won consecutive Indy 500 races?
Questions: "text":"The only sprinter to simultaneously hold 100-, 200-, and 400-meter world records ran for what country?
Questions: "text":"What team ended the Celtics’ run of 10 straight trips to the NBA Finals in the ’60s?
Questions: "text":"Who is the youngest player ever to win the Stanley Cup, a World Championship, and Olympic gold?
Questions: "text":"What team has played in its current city the longest without ever winning a World Series?
Questions: "text":"Which of these shapes has corners?
Questions: "text":"A well-known lyric from “Hamilton” goes, “I am not throwing away” what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these short words is a preposition?
Questions: "text":"What author’s name appears on the books that make up “A Series of Unfortunate Events”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these titles does NOT feature Reginald VelJohnson as a policeman?
Questions: "text":"What small European nation was a primary setting for the Battle of the Bulge?
Questions: "text":"Animals capable of brachiation tend to live where?
Questions: "text":"Which game was NOT invented in Massachusetts?
Questions: "text":"Croatia’s flag, minus the coat of arms, most closely resembles which country’s flag?
Questions: "text":"What is the only non-metallic element that is liquid at room temperature?
Questions: "text":"What is the English translation of the cooking method where a plastic pouch of food cooks in medium-hot water?
Questions: "text":"Which company once made an unsuccessful video game console aimed specifically at girls?
Questions: "text":"What was regularly written on Necco’s Sweethearts candy pieces?
Questions: "text":"Which historical figure inspired the name of a popular chocolate brand?
Questions: "text":"Red velvet cupcakes traditionally taste most like which of these flavors?
Questions: "text":"What is on the inside of a classic Ferrero Rocher chocolate?
Questions: "text":"Pastry chef Jacques Torres is known in the food world by what nickname?
Questions: "text":"Exactly two months after Valentine’s Day, single people in South Korea often gather to eat what dish?
Questions: "text":"What cartoon characters first performed the song with the famous lyric, “You are my candy girl”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT one of the messages on this year’s “Love, Oreo” limited-edition cookies?
Questions: "text":"Which actor has played a character who proposes in a Tiffany’s?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT seen in this music video?
Questions: "text":"In “Friends,” what do Janice’s candy hearts for Chandler say?
Questions: "text":"In the Elton John song with the lyric “My gift is my song,” what does he first suggest buying?
Questions: "text":"What is the titular city of “Sex and the City”?
Questions: "text":"What is the nickname of Carrie’s on-again, off-again love interest?
Questions: "text":"Which shoe brand is Carrie known for wearing?
Questions: "text":"Before getting married, Charlotte worked in what industry?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT a line on the break-up Post-it?
Questions: "text":"What type of drink does Samantha throw into Richard’s face when he tries to win her back?
Questions: "text":"What is Trey’s response when Charlotte casually proposes?
Questions: "text":"What does Carrie shout at Aidan and Mr. Big to try to stop their big fight in the fourth season?
Questions: "text":"Where does Carrie first meet Mr. Big?
Questions: "text":"Which one of these professionals explicitly turned Samantha down for a hookup?
Questions: "text":"Which of these topics is Miranda angry about in the episode where she wears this outfit?
Questions: "text":"Which word does Carrie use to describe love in her famous “I am someone who is looking for love” speech?
Questions: "text":"Big Move?
Questions: "text":"What does the “MS” in MSNBC stand for?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is considered a classic children’s book?
Questions: "text":"What beverage once advertised with the slogan, “All the sugar and twice the caffeine”?
Questions: "text":"What presidential proclamation ended slavery throughout much of the United States?
Questions: "text":"Where would you travel to see South America’s famous Nazca Lines?
Questions: "text":"What item do fans of Gary Gygax bring to his memorial plaque by Lake Geneva, Wisconsin?
Questions: "text":"Michael Shannon won an Oscar nomination for acting in a film directed by what fashion designer?
Questions: "text":"In 2012, daredevil Felix Baumgartner made news for completing a parachute jump from where?
Questions: "text":"The first irrational number known to be discovered is part of what shape’s measurements?
Questions: "text":"Which of these cities has NOT faced itself in the World Series?
Questions: "text":"There is NOT a chemical element named for a discoverer of what?
Questions: "text":"A key composer on “Family Guy” also performed a hit track on what best-selling film soundtrack?
Questions: "text":"Where Are Your Coins?
Questions: "text":"What're We Cleaning?
Questions: "text":"Which song was a hit single for the Beatles?
Questions: "text":"Who Let the Dogs Out?
Questions: "text":"According to theater jargon, an actor waiting to go on stage is standing where?
Questions: "text":"When was the economic policy “Reaganomics” practiced in the US?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is one of the railroads in Monopoly?
Questions: "text":"Which sport does NOT have a position called “power forward”?
Questions: "text":"What does “vis-à-vis” literally translate to in English?
Questions: "text":"What character from “The Princess Bride” has a supernumerary body part?
Questions: "text":"What form of electric power did Nikola Tesla pioneer?
Questions: "text":"Which talk-show host has a famous diastema?
Questions: "text":"Which nation has a capital city with all five vowels in its English-language name?
Questions: "text":"In the original “Oz” books, which character once had a completely different name?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT in the Museum of Modern Art’s department of architecture and design?
Questions: "text":"What's the Magician Holding?
Questions: "text":"What type of flag is waved to mark the end of a NASCAR race?
Questions: "text":"What announcer likes to start races with the catchphrase, “Boogity, boogity, boogity”?
Questions: "text":"What marking is put on a car to signify a rookie driver?
Questions: "text":"Who was the first woman to compete in a NASCAR Cup Series race at the highest level?
Questions: "text":"What nickname is associated with the 2018 Cup Series champion?
Questions: "text":"What carmaker has won the greatest number of Manufacturers Championships?
Questions: "text":"Which of these tracks is NOT considered an oval?
Questions: "text":"Who received the highest percentage of votes for induction into the NASCAR Hall of Fame?
Questions: "text":"What Allison racing family member was driving the car involved in this famous crash and fight?
Questions: "text":"Which of these speedway tracks is the shortest?
Questions: "text":"Who holds the record for most times voted NASCAR’s Most Popular Driver?
Questions: "text":"Who won the Daytona 500 from the worst starting position?
Questions: "text":"What type of creature is Nemo in “Finding Nemo”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is one of Buzz’s catchphrases in “Toy Story”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is one of the five personified emotions in “Inside Out”?
Questions: "text":"What holiday is celebrated in “Coco”?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of the villain in “The Incredibles”?
Questions: "text":"Which Pixar short famously centers around a dumpling?
Questions: "text":"The actress who voices the Axiom computer in Wall-E plays an unseen character in what other film?
Questions: "text":"“A Bug’s Life” was the first Pixar movie to do what?
Questions: "text":"What is NOT one of the stations assigned by Remy to his rat cooks in “Ratatouille”?
Questions: "text":"Randy Newman won his first Oscar for a song he wrote for which film?
Questions: "text":"What does the CDA team give the “2319” monster in “Monsters, Inc”?
Questions: "text":"What does one of the potential suitors do to impress Merida in “Brave”?
Questions: "text":"Which Pixar film hinted at the never-made Pixar feature “Newt”?
Questions: "text":"What stylish accessory does Bing Bong sport in “Inside Out”?
Questions: "text":"According to Andy in the final scene of “Toy Story 3,” what makes Woody special?
Questions: "text":"In total points, who is the NBA’s all-time leading scorer?
Questions: "text":"Who was the first person to break Babe Ruth’s career home-run record?
Questions: "text":"In boxing history, who is the only three-time lineal heavyweight champion?
Questions: "text":"Who was the first black baseball player to play for an American League team?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT one of Bill Russell’s NBA accomplishments?
Questions: "text":"Among tennis players in “the Open Era,” Serena and Venus Williams share the record for most what?
Questions: "text":"Lewis Hamilton is the first-ever black driver in what series?
Questions: "text":"Where did the exhibition basketball team now known as the Globetrotters originate?
Questions: "text":"What school was the first to win the NCAA basketball title with five African-American starters?
Questions: "text":"What event did this famous Olympic protest follow?
Questions: "text":"Which of these was Althea Gibson NOT the first African-American woman to do?
Questions: "text":"The first African-American Heisman Trophy winner played for what university?
Questions: "text":"The Asian delicacy known as bird’s nest soup is made primarily from what?
Questions: "text":"Baseball games are usually divided into what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these creatures is a crustacean?
Questions: "text":"Which of these comedians was a “Saturday Night Live” cast member during the first season?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is the name of one of Barbie’s sisters?
Questions: "text":"A velocipede is a type of what?
Questions: "text":"What is something Meat Loaf won't do in the album version of “I’d Do Anything for Love (But I Won’t Do That)”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these animals has fingerprints?
Questions: "text":"Which of these states does NOT have a Springfield?
Questions: "text":"Which of these words can refer to either a fabric or a language?
Questions: "text":"What NFL team can reach Canada from its home stadium by simply traveling south?
Questions: "text":"The oldest known recording of a US president’s voice is of whom?
Questions: "text":"Do You Like Egg Jokes?
Questions: "text":"Where Is the Nosy Pepper?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a common preparation for chocolate?
Questions: "text":"Which of these accents is considered closest to Bugs Bunny’s?
Questions: "text":"What singer’s unconventional PR release went viral this weekend?
Questions: "text":"Together, the colleges of Cambridge and Oxford are frequently called what?
Questions: "text":"In which of these countries is Swedish an official language?
Questions: "text":"The word “galaxy” comes from the Greek word for what?
Questions: "text":"What is the only New York City borough that is NOT primarily on an island?
Questions: "text":"The Mannerist art movement took place during what European time period?
Questions: "text":"The Leviathan mentioned in the Bible is most likely similar to what creature?
Questions: "text":"The first public library supported by taxes was established in what country?
Questions: "text":"Which state flag depicts an animal from a subspecies that is now extinct in that state?
Questions: "text":"Which of these martial arts is oldest?
Questions: "text":"According to a classic Bob Seger lyric, he likes “that old time rock n” what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these animals is known to store nuts for the winter?
Questions: "text":"What legendary German fashion designer was known for his signature long white hair and black sunglasses?
Questions: "text":"Which stats make up a “full count” in baseball?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is an actual Greek letter?
Questions: "text":"Which TV series is based on Marvel Comics?
Questions: "text":"Which of these JK Rowling books was written under a pseudonym?
Questions: "text":"What was an early name for the Frisbee?
Questions: "text":"Which of these states shares a border with Nebraska?
Questions: "text":"The Wellington boot is named for a hero of which famous historical battle?
Questions: "text":"Which of these movies now lends its name to a specific psychological disorder?
Questions: "text":"Which of these commonly used words is widely thought to have started as a joke?
Questions: "text":"What sport frequently restarts play with something called a “scrum”?
Questions: "text":"How many degrees did Tony Hawk spin in this groundbreaking trick?
Questions: "text":"What team just signed a player to the most expensive free agent deal in MLB history?
Questions: "text":"The current No. 1 team in women’s NCAA Division I college basketball is from what state?
Questions: "text":"A player from what NBA team won this year’s Three-Point Contest?
Questions: "text":"What fighter has the record for longest consecutive individual heavyweight title reign?
Questions: "text":"Before Jackie Robinson played for the Dodgers, he played minor-league home games in what city?
Questions: "text":"Which of these bowl games has been part of the College Football Playoff?
Questions: "text":"Which of these drivers won races at the highest level in NASCAR, F1, IndyCar, and sports car racing?
Questions: "text":"The shortest player in the Pro Football Hall of Fame mainly played what position?
Questions: "text":"Who made nine All-Star teams and won 1,000 games as a manager for the same MLB team?
Questions: "text":"What team made the Stanley Cup finals in each of its first three years in the NHL?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a common type of gym exercise?
Questions: "text":"Which of these animals does NOT have a stinger?
Questions: "text":"Which Academy Award is NOT considered one of the “big five”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these phrases technically contains a redundancy?
Questions: "text":"What’s up?
Questions: "text":"Rosa Parks’ refusal to leave her bus seat sparked a bus boycott in what US state?
Questions: "text":"The Hollywood sign included what word before it was shortened?
Questions: "text":"“Paradise Lost” is considered the masterpiece of what famous John?
Questions: "text":"Which English word is suspected to come from the Spanish word for a slice of ham?
Questions: "text":"Which of these countries is a member state of the European Union?
Questions: "text":"Which of these legendary pitchers is NOT in the 300-win club?
Questions: "text":"The letter G is prominently used in the sigil for what secret society?
Questions: "text":"What type of coin is the most expensive US coin ever sold at auction?
Questions: "text":"Regional Slang Debate","answer":["POP","OR","SODA?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a horror film directed by Jordan Peele?
Questions: "text":"Just Relax, OK?
Questions: "text":"What is it called when performers return to the stage to thunderous applause?
Questions: "text":"“Hippocamp” is the name of a moon that was just discovered orbiting what planet?
Questions: "text":"Which film did NOT sweep the “big five” Academy Awards?
Questions: "text":"What time of year was the Declaration of Independence signed?
Questions: "text":"What was the first movie with sound to win Best Picture at the Oscars?
Questions: "text":"Botanically speaking, what is a cashew apple?
Questions: "text":"Which of these artists dedicated an album to their cats?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Oscar winners also has an Oscar-winning sibling?
Questions: "text":"Whose grave is widely said to carry a curse against whomever disturbs it?
Questions: "text":"Which was NOT a 1980s cartoon based on the “Star Wars” movies?
Questions: "text":"Which actor has definitely NOT been taken out onscreen by an alien, a predator, and a terminator?
Questions: "text":"Which food did Rick famously turn himself into?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of Rick’s handy device that allows him to jump dimensions?
Questions: "text":"Rick’s feathered friend who pops up throughout the series is known as who?
Questions: "text":"According to the lyrics, which of these actions should you do if you want to “Get Schwifty”?
Questions: "text":"The space city where millions of Ricks and Mortys formed their own society is known as what?
Questions: "text":"What is the first task Rick gives to a Mr. Meeseeks?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT a featured attraction at Anatomy Park?
Questions: "text":"Which film’s director lends his name to the misshapen humans that Rick and Morty abandon?
Questions: "text":"While channel-surfing his interdimensional TV, Rick comes across an ad for which of these products?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a listed reason for dropping off your Jerry at the Jerryboree daycare center?
Questions: "text":"Which hitmaker does Earth’s president NOT call for when the giant Cromulon head demands a hit song?
Questions: "text":"What is the correct name of the characters in the original animated short that inspired “Rick & Morty”?
Questions: "text":"What’s for Lunch?
Questions: "text":"Google Prompt","answer":["TRANSLATE","THIS","PAGE?
Questions: "text":"Writer and activist Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is a Hall of Famer in what sport?
Questions: "text":"Which recent movie told the real-life story of mathematician Katherine Johnson?
Questions: "text":"In 1935, what athlete set three world records and tied a fourth in less than an hour?
Questions: "text":"Which abolitionist crusader was known as “Black Moses”?
Questions: "text":"What singer-guitarist opened the 1969 Woodstock Festival?
Questions: "text":"What legendary activist created hand-drawn infographics like this one?
Questions: "text":"Often accompanied by his “Arkestra,” what jazz legend recorded over 100 albums of material?
Questions: "text":"In the early 20th century, “Black Wall Street” was a nickname for the Greenwood neighborhood of what city?
Questions: "text":"What was Frederick Douglass’s last name at birth?
Questions: "text":"What playwright has been called “America’s Shakespeare” for works like the ten-play “Pittsburgh Cycle”?
Questions: "text":"Who created the week-long observance that became Black History Month decades later?
Questions: "text":"What experimental magazine famously published a single issue during the Harlem Renaissance?
Questions: "text":"According to an old saying, “he who hesitates is” what?
Questions: "text":"What animal is known for crowing at sunrise?
Questions: "text":"What part of speech describes things?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT suitable for a vegetarian diet?
Questions: "text":"What game show coined the catchphrase “Survey says…”?
Questions: "text":"Who does the Solicitor General of the US report to?
Questions: "text":"Who wrote “Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way”?
Questions: "text":"The Gipsy Kings, who perform in Andalusian Spanish, hail from what country?
Questions: "text":"“The Evening Star” was an unsuccessful sequel to what film?
Questions: "text":"Who was the last US president to have a mustache in his official presidential portrait?
Questions: "text":"How would Europe’s “Benelux” countries be abbreviated in north-to-south order?
Questions: "text":"What places were allegedly once haunted by the Roman goddess Trivia?
Questions: "text":"Thanks I Guess?
Questions: "text":"“I’ll be back” is an iconic quote from what action movie?
Questions: "text":"One of the biggest sleeper hits of all time is “My Big Fat Greek” what?
Questions: "text":"What part of the US is most associated with this accent?
Questions: "text":"In which film did Al Pacino repeatedly shout “HOO AH”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these movies was the film debut of Dolly Parton?
Questions: "text":"The director of “Do the Right Thing” also directed what Clive Owen movie?
Questions: "text":"In “The Fugitive” starring Harrison Ford, what is the famous response to, “I didn’t kill my wife”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these talented child actors was NOT nominated for an Oscar for their breakout role?
Questions: "text":"The mother in “The Iron Giant” was voiced by a lead actress on which TV show?
Questions: "text":"“The Last Action Hero” had the bad luck of opening the week after what film?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a bridesmaid dress style Katherine Heigl wears in “27 Dresses”?
Questions: "text":"What line ends this speech by Robin Williams?
Questions: "text":"How ’bout them apples?
Questions: "text":"Taraji P. Henson earned an Oscar nomination for a film with the same director as what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these past Oscar nominees has NOT played a Keanu Reeves love interest?
Questions: "text":"Ryan Gosling stars in “The Nice Guys” opposite the actor who played which part in 2012’s “Les Misérables”?
Questions: "text":"Which actor turned down the role of Shrek because he “didn’t want to play an ogre”?
Questions: "text":"During this famous scene, who speaks Spanish?
Questions: "text":"Samuel L. Jackson famously swore in his reaction shot after losing an Oscar to whom?
Questions: "text":"The star of “A Simple Favor” was nominated for an Oscar playing opposite what big-time actor?
Questions: "text":"Which Oscar-winning actor botched the pronunciation of this movie’s title at an awards show?
Questions: "text":"The actor who plays Colin Powell in “Vice” has previously been nominated for what award?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Oscar winners did NOT lend their voice to the animated hit “Sing”?
Questions: "text":"The star of which film went to an Olympic trials semifinals for archery?
Questions: "text":"Glenn Close has NOT played which of these characters in film?
Questions: "text":"Who played the princess in the Disney film that featured a theme song by Lana Del Rey?
Questions: "text":"In the film where Benicio Del Toro played a James Bond villain, who played Bond?
Questions: "text":"What team just snapped an 18-game home losing streak?
Questions: "text":"Which of these terms describes this popular high jump technique?
Questions: "text":"The NBA Hall of Famer known as “The Admiral” played his entire career for what team?
Questions: "text":"What former quarterback received an exemption to play golf in the AT&T Byron Nelson tournament?
Questions: "text":"Who is the youngest captain to win the Stanley Cup?
Questions: "text":"What mixed martial arts legend just announced his retirement?
Questions: "text":"Who won NFL Coach of the Year for three different teams?
Questions: "text":"MMA legend Fedor Emelianenko has NOT won a fight in what promotion?
Questions: "text":"Who was the first pitcher to win the Rookie of the Year, MVP, and Cy Young awards?
Questions: "text":"Which horse was an undefeated Triple Crown winner?
Questions: "text":"Who is the only tennis player to win a medal at four separate Olympic Games?
Questions: "text":"What team holds the current record for going the longest without appearing in the playoffs?
Questions: "text":"In the Marvel Universe, the nation of Wakanda is known for having reserves of what valuable substance?
Questions: "text":"What is Captain America’s real name?
Questions: "text":"In “Infinity War,” on what hand does Thanos wear the Infinity Gauntlet?
Questions: "text":"What does Nick Fury specifically want to talk about in the post-credits scene of “Iron Man”?
Questions: "text":"Who lives in the Sanctum Sanctorum?
Questions: "text":"Where was the original Wasp trapped in “Ant-Man and the Wasp”?
Questions: "text":"Which Guardians character does NOT disappear in the final scenes of “Avengers: Infinity War”?
Questions: "text":"In which MCU film does Hulk first say, “Hulk smash”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these films is set the earliest in the MCU timeline?
Questions: "text":"Which of these villains is wearing a jean jacket in his introduction scene?
Questions: "text":"What does Tony Stark say after this moment?
Questions: "text":"According to the post-credits scene in the most recent live-action “Spider-Man,” what is a valuable quality?
Questions: "text":"What is the only mammal capable of self-powered flight?
Questions: "text":"Which of these foods has Mexican origins?
Questions: "text":"In the game Twister, what traditionally selects a player’s next move?
Questions: "text":"A “dad joke” is often characterized by ending with what?
Questions: "text":"At this year’s Oscars, what presenter made an inside joke in the Xhosa language?
Questions: "text":"Which part of Egypt is considered to be in Asia?
Questions: "text":"What causes the common cold?
Questions: "text":"In the classic book, what ship makes the voyage to Treasure Island?
Questions: "text":"What is the “Gangnam” in “Gangnam Style”?
Questions: "text":"Andy Warhol’s nickname was a combination of what classic characters?
Questions: "text":"Who is NOT in the line of Roman rulers remembered as the “Five Good Emperors”?
Questions: "text":"What TV show is credited with popularizing the idea of winning an EGOT?
Questions: "text":"Which of these games typically involves the fewest number of players?
Questions: "text":"Siberia forms a major part of what country?
Questions: "text":"Michael Jordan did NOT professionally play which of these sports?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is the real name of the low-cost wine known as “Two-Buck Chuck”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a neighborhood in both London and New York City?
Questions: "text":"Which of these words can mean either to ponder or to chew?
Questions: "text":"In “The Lord of the Rings” films, Treebeard the Ent was voiced by the actor who also played what other character?
Questions: "text":"The “PLUR doctrine” is most associated with which of these?
Questions: "text":"As its name suggests, a fleuron is a typography mark that looks like what?
Questions: "text":"In subatomic physics, the term “strangeness” is used to describe what?
Questions: "text":"Buddhism’s Eightfold Path does NOT include which of these principles?
Questions: "text":"Which of these animals has a true horn?
Questions: "text":"What Does the Ad Say?
Questions: "text":"What is Wayne Gretzky’s nickname?
Questions: "text":"Major League Baseball has controversially proposed adding what to baseball games?
Questions: "text":"Last year’s NFL leader in receiving TDs has requested a trade from what team?
Questions: "text":"The player who leads the Milwaukee Bucks in scoring, rebounds, and assists was born in what country?
Questions: "text":"In official baseball scoring, what position is assigned to the greatest number?
Questions: "text":"What team once won a single-digit amount of games in a full 82-game season?
Questions: "text":"What MLB player had the most home runs as a rookie DH?
Questions: "text":"What is the only hockey team to win multiple Stanley Cups without ever losing a championship series?
Questions: "text":"Which race is NOT considered part of the achievement known as the “Triple Crown of Motorsport”?
Questions: "text":"What women’s basketball player won the NCAA tournament’s Most Outstanding Player award the most times?
Questions: "text":"Which soccer legend did NOT score in the World Cup final as a teenager?
Questions: "text":"What MLB team has the worst all-time winning percentage?
Questions: "text":"Which is the name of a Beyoncé hit song?
Questions: "text":"Who is Beyoncé’s alter ego?
Questions: "text":"Where does Beyoncé instruct the subject of “Irreplaceable” to look for their stuff?
Questions: "text":"What infamously happened right after this Beyoncé performance?
Questions: "text":"What diet did Beyoncé famously tell Oprah she used for her role in “Dreamgirls”?
Questions: "text":"In which Beyoncé song is she “up in the club, just broke up,” doing her “own little thing”?
Questions: "text":"At a 2009 inaugural ball for President Obama, Beyoncé performed a song made famous by which diva?
Questions: "text":"What did Beyoncé ask the crowd after this performance?
Questions: "text":"Not bad, huh?
Questions: "text":"Any questions?
Questions: "text":"What do you think?
Questions: "text":"Which of these music videos does NOT show a car on fire?
Questions: "text":"At the awards show where she announced her pregnancy, Beyoncé performed a song from what album?
Questions: "text":"In the Beyoncé song that mentions hot sauce in her bag, what else is mentioned?
Questions: "text":"What's on MTV?
Questions: "text":"Pop Culture Question","answer":["WHICH","SPICE","GIRL","ARE","YOU?
Questions: "text":"What is a common place for keeping money?
Questions: "text":"Which of these words rhymes with “part”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these metals is strongly attracted to magnets?
Questions: "text":"The newest trailer for a film in what superhero franchise features the character Jean Grey?
Questions: "text":"Who is this performer?
Questions: "text":"Which Nintendo game was designed to be used with the Power Glove accessory?
Questions: "text":"Which European country is this?
Questions: "text":"“An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth” first appeared in what ancient legal code?
Questions: "text":"In the early 2000s, fans of what team got together to blow up an infamous baseball?
Questions: "text":"This font’s name comes from the Latin name for where?
Questions: "text":"The idea that highly advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic is named for what author?
Questions: "text":"What classic Aerosmith single was partially inspired by a Mel Brooks movie?
Questions: "text":"What was Gollum’s original name?
Questions: "text":"According to Boromir, what does one simply not do?
Questions: "text":"Which “Lord of the Rings” movie won Best Picture at the Academy Awards?
Questions: "text":"At the Council of Elrond, who is the next to join the Fellowship after Gandalf?
Questions: "text":"Which of these lines is part of the inscription inside the One Ring?
Questions: "text":"Which of these was a gift that Galadriel gave a member of the fellowship?
Questions: "text":"Before the One Ring, which of these groups bore the most Great Rings?
Questions: "text":"In the films, which of these is NOT one of the Hobbit meals Pippin asks for?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is the full name of a Hobbit?
Questions: "text":"The giant battle at Minas Tirith features what fantastic creatures?
Questions: "text":"In the films, which of these characters is the tallest?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Middle-Earth places is by far the closest to Mordor?
Questions: "text":"What film character is known for stomping on buildings?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is German food?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a common word in music theory?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is currently the name of a sovereign nation?
Questions: "text":"Which animal carries its young in a pouch?
Questions: "text":"Every complete sentence contains a subject and what else?
Questions: "text":"According to the US Flag Code, the American flag should NOT be what?
Questions: "text":"What information is NOT on either Voyager Golden Record launched into space for aliens to find?
Questions: "text":"Which animal appears on the game spinner packaged with classic versions of Hi Ho! Cherry-O?
Questions: "text":"The ESPY award for Best Male Athlete has most often gone to players of which sport?
Questions: "text":"The easternmost and westernmost points of all US territory are both named for members of what family?
Questions: "text":"What term refers to a spellchecker replacing correct words it doesn’t recognize?
Questions: "text":"Scary, Fun, or Both?
Questions: "text":"Speak Up!","answer":["CAT","GOT","YOUR","TONGUE?
Questions: "text":"What’s Grandpa Handing Out?
Questions: "text":"Which product does Microsoft make?
Questions: "text":"Which of these animals is completely boneless?
Questions: "text":"Which of these US presidents appears on Mount Rushmore?
Questions: "text":"In volleyball, the hit meant to smash the ball toward the ground is called what?
Questions: "text":"Which style of wordplay specifically refers to scrambling the letters of a given word to form a new one?
Questions: "text":"By definition, nephrologist is an expert in what body part?
Questions: "text":"What is the main difference between a Manhattan and a Rob Roy?
Questions: "text":"The game “Mortal Kombat” was first conceived as a vehicle for the star of what movie?
Questions: "text":"What business principle states, “Every employee rises to their level of incompetence”?
Questions: "text":"Who did NOT sing the theme to a “James Bond” film?
Questions: "text":"What island has a capital city with no official residents?
Questions: "text":"Which of these police shows launched a short-lived spinoff?
Questions: "text":"What’s That Smell?
Questions: "text":"According to an old saying, money can’t buy what?
Questions: "text":"What is 12 AM also known as?
Questions: "text":"Of these “Disney Princesses,” which was a real historical figure?
Questions: "text":"Because of their genetic makeup, cats are unable to taste what kind of flavor?
Questions: "text":"Where on a man’s suit would you typically find a boutonnière?
Questions: "text":"What is Apple Inc.’s newest headquarters known as?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a real position at the CIA?
Questions: "text":"Which of these words does NOT form the acronym of Walt Disney World’s EPCOT Center?
Questions: "text":"Which of these planets is the least spherical in shape?
Questions: "text":"MTV at one time employed two hosts with what name?
Questions: "text":"American Sign Language for the letter “Y” looks like a widely used gesture meaning what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Shakespearean characters was introduced most recently?
Questions: "text":"The first full album awarded “gold” certification featured a song about which of these things?
Questions: "text":"Besides dividing the Korean Peninsula, the 38th parallel north also passes through which country?
Questions: "text":"Which movie’s stars have played an on-screen couple in the greatest number of films?
Questions: "text":"Question for the Table","answer":["FLAT","OR","FIZZY?
Questions: "text":"Common Question","answer":["CAN","YOU","HEAR","ME","NOW?
Questions: "text":"A baseball player who gets a throw from the outfield and then throws home is usually called what?
Questions: "text":"Which QB prospect in this year’s NFL Draft measured under six feet tall at the combine?
Questions: "text":"What NBA team just clinched a fifth consecutive season with at least 50 losses?
Questions: "text":"What golf major is the first to occur in each calendar year?
Questions: "text":"For decades, Bob Uecker has called games for what team?
Questions: "text":"What player’s return to Long Island last week got a hostile reception from his former fans?
Questions: "text":"In what category does LeBron James NOT rank in the top 10 all-time?
Questions: "text":"By definition, the player awarded the Lady Byng trophy is known for great what?
Questions: "text":"Which boxer is NOT participating in this May’s match for three of the four middleweight belts?
Questions: "text":"What feat did Arkansas softball player Danielle Gibson need only four innings to complete?
Questions: "text":"What MLB position player just set the record for highest average yearly value in a contract?
Questions: "text":"Of these three nicknames, which represents the NBA player with the most career points?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a hit song from the “Titanic” soundtrack?
Questions: "text":"Who played Cal, Rose’s fiancé?
Questions: "text":"What does the name of the French “le coeur de la mer” mean in English?
Questions: "text":"Rose impresses Jack at the “real party” by downing what beverage?
Questions: "text":"What does Rose say right before she and Jack share their first smooch?
Questions: "text":"What hand does Jack have in his ticket-winning poker game?
Questions: "text":"The band member who convinces the rest to play as the ship sinks plays what instrument?
Questions: "text":"Jack and Rose share a steamy kiss in the car after overcoming what obstacle?
Questions: "text":"What does Rose say to Jack after he asks why she jumps from the first lifeboat?
Questions: "text":"You jump I jump, right?
Questions: "text":"What does Jack eat while he explains his life to the first-class passengers at dinner?
Questions: "text":"Which of these men convinces the captain to light the last four boilers?
Questions: "text":"In the final scene of “Titanic,” what is Jack wearing when Rose dreams of seeing him at the top of the stairs?
Questions: "text":"Which of these animals has horns?
Questions: "text":"Today is Mardi Gras, which means what in French?
Questions: "text":"Which president nearly doubled the size of the US through the Louisiana Purchase?
Questions: "text":"Which of these can refer to either a variety of coffee or an Indonesian island?
Questions: "text":"Which of these sports leagues does NOT currently employ officials designated as “umpires”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a brand name for irregular gourmet jelly beans?
Questions: "text":"By definition, Flemish people are predominantly from what country?
Questions: "text":"Which of these medical words literally translates to “without pain” in Greek?
Questions: "text":"Which song is by a band named for a capital city?
Questions: "text":"Which is the English translation of a common rule in calculus?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT a game in the ongoing “Tomb Raider” series?
Questions: "text":"The final “Star Trek: The Original Series” film ends with Captain Kirk quoting what author?
Questions: "text":"Where is the world-famous Louvre museum?
Questions: "text":"What is the primary ingredient in gasoline?
Questions: "text":"Which is most commonly part of a film’s post-production?
Questions: "text":"Which name did Kanye West and Kim Kardashian NOT give to one of their children?
Questions: "text":"The first Nike TV commercial in 1982 showed people excelling in what sport?
Questions: "text":"Where on a duck would you typically find a speculum?
Questions: "text":"Which of these musicians has written a Broadway musical about the shipbuilding industry?
Questions: "text":"What was the Hoover Dam formerly known as?
Questions: "text":"The star of which television show was once roommates with Robert Downey, Jr.?
Questions: "text":"The piece of music known as \"Infernal Galop\" is associated with what famous dance?
Questions: "text":"Where would you find a subtrahend?
Questions: "text":"Which of these countries is NOT home to a massive desert whose name translates to “waterless place”?
Questions: "text":"A baseball pitcher who enters the game as a substitute is usually called what?
Questions: "text":"Which sport has offsides determined by a blue line on the playing surface?
Questions: "text":"What men’s NCAA basketball team just saw its 14-year streak of Big-12 regular-season championships end?
Questions: "text":"What MLB team had a pitcher nicknamed “The Bird” who was an All-Star as a rookie?
Questions: "text":"Which of these head coaches won national championships at two different schools?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT one of the sports included in Nordic Combined?
Questions: "text":"What was a nickname of the player who gave this response to a reporter’s question?
Questions: "text":"Which player never played in a single Ryder Cup?
Questions: "text":"Which of these teams has NOT appeared in at least one World Series?
Questions: "text":"Which NBA player currently leads his team in points-per-game scoring for the season?
Questions: "text":"In the ESPN Women’s Top 25, what was the most recent team to be unanimously No. 1?
Questions: "text":"By population, what is the biggest city with only one team in the four major US sports leagues?
Questions: "text":"Taylor Swift’s fans often call themselves what?
Questions: "text":"What famous couple does Taylor heavily reference in “Love Story”?
Questions: "text":"According to her hit song, Taylor “knew you were trouble when you” what?
Questions: "text":"Taylor burst onto the country music scene with a song about who?
Questions: "text":"What does Taylor NOT dress up as in the “Shake It Off” music video?
Questions: "text":"According to a widespread theory, Taylor was once smuggled out of her apartment in a what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these songs literally mentions “receipts”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Grammys did Taylor Swift win the year she wore this outfit?
Questions: "text":"Taylor Swift does NOT have a cat named after a lead character from which show?
Questions: "text":"What song did Taylor perform at the infamous Kanye-interrupting VMAs?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a real character name in the “Bad Blood” video?
Questions: "text":"What emoji did Taylor Swift include in her famed “excluded from this narrative” Notes statement?
Questions: "text":"What tabloid fodder does Taylor visually reference in her “Look What You Made Me Do” video?
Questions: "text":"How're You Paying?
Questions: "text":"Who Just Got Outta Bed?
Questions: "text":"Maybe Later?
Questions: "text":"In the UK, late-afternoon refreshments are said to take place when?
Questions: "text":"During a recent visit to London's Science Museum, Queen Elizabeth II made history by posting her first-ever what?
Questions: "text":"What city is famous for consistently having more bicycles on the road than cars?
Questions: "text":"In the US, Matryoshka figures are more commonly known as what?
Questions: "text":"“Oh, What a Beautiful Mornin’” is a song from what classic musical?
Questions: "text":"Which of these orange varieties is an ancestor of the other two?
Questions: "text":"Which of these animals is a canine?
Questions: "text":"Which of these holidays usually takes place on the first calendar day of spring?
Questions: "text":"In a US Supreme Court case such as Marbury v. Madison, which of the two parties is the defendant?
Questions: "text":"The so-called Hubble sequence describes the shape of what?
Questions: "text":"What key biblical figure is considered by Catholics to be the first pope?
Questions: "text":"Which of these continents does NOT have any native polar bears?
Questions: "text":"Where did the Golden Girls live?
Questions: "text":"The “Golden Girls” theme song says you’re both a pal and a what?
Questions: "text":"Who owns the house the Golden Girls live in?
Questions: "text":"In real life, Estelle Getty is what age compared to her on-screen daughter, Bea Arthur?
Questions: "text":"Which Golden Girl ends up married to Leslie Nielsen in the series finale?
Questions: "text":"What award did Rose win when the girls took a trip to her home town?
Questions: "text":"Whose movie premiere party are the girls trying to get to when they are arrested in Season 2?
Questions: "text":"After seeing several doctors in Season 1, what did Dorothy’s ailment turn out to be?
Questions: "text":"What was the name of the cat Rose gives away to live with Blanche?
Questions: "text":"What was George Clooney trying to do on his episode of “Golden Girls”?
Questions: "text":"What was the name of the pizzeria Dorothy and Sophia starred in a commercial for?
Questions: "text":"During Dorothy’s dream appearance on a TV game show, what subject loses her the game?
Questions: "text":"According to an old saying, what spoils the broth?
Questions: "text":"Which kind of number is two?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a citrus fruit?
Questions: "text":"What object appears in the production logo that opens Pixar movies?
Questions: "text":"Which of these cities is one of the “Big Four” fashion capitals?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Disney movies has characters named for bits of ship wreckage?
Questions: "text":"Who was NOT British Prime Minister during WWII?
Questions: "text":"In Monopoly, which is NOT a way a player in jail can get out?
Questions: "text":"Which of these animals is an equine?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is an example of a synecdoche?
Questions: "text":"Paper or plastic?
Questions: "text":"Pastafarian prayers end in a word believed to be from what language of origin?
Questions: "text":"Corsi and Fenwick are specific types of statistics found in what sport?
Questions: "text":"A common fairy tale ending is, “and they all lived” how?
Questions: "text":"How will the clocks change when daylight saving time starts in the US in a few hours?
Questions: "text":"Which letter of the alphabet does the musical scale go up to?
Questions: "text":"What computer operating system is starting up here?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT one of the thread directions in weaving?
Questions: "text":"What role did Robert Kennedy play in his brother’s administration?
Questions: "text":"Which of these places is NOT a Caribbean island?
Questions: "text":"A key developer of the “Star Trek” Klingon language also played which character?
Questions: "text":"What font was created for the publication of “The Papers of Thomas Jefferson”?
Questions: "text":"Manuel Noriega once tried to sue over his depiction in what video game series?
Questions: "text":"As a boy, Robin Thicke was babysat by a legendary athlete from what sport?
Questions: "text":"Which of the four classical elements is explicitly mentioned in Smash Mouth’s song “All Star”?
Questions: "text":"What’s Happening Tonight?
Questions: "text":"Where does SXSW take place?
Questions: "text":"In “Friends,” Phoebe is known for her iconic song about what?
Questions: "text":"What did the extremely mean soup chef on “Seinfeld” famously yell?
Questions: "text":"Who is this soup for?
Questions: "text":"Who is NOT currently a judge on Bravo’s “Top Chef”?
Questions: "text":"In “The Office,” what does Jim famously do to Dwight’s stapler?
Questions: "text":"Who was NOT an original cast member of Saturday Night Live?
Questions: "text":"In Season 7 of “Seinfeld,” George goes on a date with what real-life actress?
Questions: "text":"Who has the record as the longest-tenured “Saturday Night Live” cast member?
Questions: "text":"Which character does NOT appear in the very first episode of “The Office”?
Questions: "text":"In the mid-’70s, who became Saturday Night Live’s first-ever musical guest?
Questions: "text":"Which of these was never a TV show on NBC?
Questions: "text":"What landmark separated the Seven Kingdoms from the land of the Wildlings?
Questions: "text":"The Starks are known for keeping what kind of animals?
Questions: "text":"Thanks to their hair, which of these characters would the Wildlings say is “kissed by fire”?
Questions: "text":"Jon Snow is secretly which of these to Daenerys Targaryen?
Questions: "text":"What song is playing during this scene?
Questions: "text":"What devious act did Cersei commit prior to this famous wine celebration?
Questions: "text":"Where does Olenna secretly remove a poison vial off Sansa during this scene?
Questions: "text":"What does Tyrion scold the Viper for doing before the trial by combat?
Questions: "text":"Who is Littlefinger speaking to in his famous “Chaos is a ladder” speech?
Questions: "text":"Which of Daenerys’s dragons appears to have turned into a wight?
Questions: "text":"How does the Hound answer when Polliver asks him if he was going to die over some chickens?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT the name of one of the “new gods” in the Faith of the Seven?
Questions: "text":"At the show’s start, which of these families is considered one of the great houses?
Questions: "text":"Which of these people was only married once on “Game of Thrones”?
Questions: "text":"As of the Season 7 finale, who does NOT currently own a Valyrian steel sword?
Questions: "text":"Who’s Asking Hoo?
Questions: "text":"How Do You Know?
Questions: "text":"What team is NFL star Antonio Brown going to be playing for next season?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is an Olympic event?
Questions: "text":"What gymnast won four all-around world titles?
Questions: "text":"A player at what position leads the NBA in highest field goal percentage?
Questions: "text":"What men’s tennis player has the record for most Olympic gold medals in singles competition?
Questions: "text":"Which of these MLB pitchers has NOT won an MVP?
Questions: "text":"What team lost via walk-off home run in this historic moment?
Questions: "text":"In the official Oakland Raiders logo, where is the eye patch located?
Questions: "text":"Which NASCAR Cup Series oval is the longest?
Questions: "text":"What US state has the most Stanley Cup wins?
Questions: "text":"Who was the last Australian to win a singles title at the Australian Open?
Questions: "text":"Which of these NBA legends has appeared in the fewest number of NBA Finals games?
Questions: "text":"What infamous box office dud-turned-cult classic stars Elizabeth Berkley?
Questions: "text":"What movie is this clip from?
Questions: "text":"What are the antagonist creatures in “Deep Blue Sea”?
Questions: "text":"What does Tommy Wiseau say at the end of this speech?
Questions: "text":"Which of these movies features Lucasfilm animatronics?
Questions: "text":"What is a plot point of the “Batman” movie with the lowest Rotten Tomatoes rating?
Questions: "text":"Which of these famous flops has a strangely long dance scene in a fast food restaurant?
Questions: "text":"Who is Mark Wahlberg reacting to in this scene from “The Happening”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these infamous movies was directed by a respected playwright?
Questions: "text":"In which of these ways does the ending of “Grease 2” emulate the ending of “Grease”?
Questions: "text":"What is the villain in “Speed 2: Cruise Control” mainly mad about?
Questions: "text":"Sylvester Stallone’s movie about competitive arm-wrestling ends on a shot of Sly doing what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these titles is usually given to the top-ranking person on a ship?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a form of internet connection?
Questions: "text":"What festival is currently happening in Austin, Texas?
Questions: "text":"Who released a memoir with the title “Brothas Be, Yo Like George, Ain’t That Funkin’ Kinda Hard on You”?
Questions: "text":"A popular writing guide was co-authored by the person behind what classic children’s book?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is necessary for the most basic version of a camera obscura?
Questions: "text":"Of these pop music groups, which did NOT come out of a reality show?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Shakespeare characters do scholars agree really lived?
Questions: "text":"Which of these “Game of Thrones” characters was played by an actor once nominated for an Oscar?
Questions: "text":"The origin of the name “Anastasia” literally translates to what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT an element on the periodic table?
Questions: "text":"By definition, what distinguishes a castle from a palace?
Questions: "text":"What provides most light for the Earth?
Questions: "text":"Hair that is cut to lie over the forehead is commonly known as what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a carnivorous plant?
Questions: "text":"Which nation is NOT on the island of Hispaniola?
Questions: "text":"Where does a sommelier typically work?
Questions: "text":"How is Kara Zor-El related to Superman?
Questions: "text":"A chiropodist is an old-fashioned term for a doctor now known as what?
Questions: "text":"“Stargate” was the video game sequel to what 1981 arcade hit?
Questions: "text":"What designer was behind this notorious look at the 2014 Grammys?
Questions: "text":"What band is being satirized in this “Saturday Night Live” sketch?
Questions: "text":"What kind of painting is the most expensive one ever sold at an auction?
Questions: "text":"The most well-known residence for US presidents was designed by an architect from where?
Questions: "text":"How Do I Look?
Questions: "text":"Nosy Question","answer":["BOXERS","OR","BRIEFS?
Questions: "text":"What acclaimed NFL receiver was just traded to the Cleveland Browns?
Questions: "text":"What color is Tiger Woods known for wearing on Sundays?
Questions: "text":"What Heisman-winning QB threw this famous Hail Mary?
Questions: "text":"Which grand slam event in tennis is NOT currently played on a blue court?
Questions: "text":"What No. 1 men's college basketball team just suffered a surprising tournament upset?
Questions: "text":"This year’s NFL Defensive Player of the Year manned what position?
Questions: "text":"What team does NOT play at an arena nicknamed “the Garden”?
Questions: "text":"What MLB team has more World Series championships than division championships?
Questions: "text":"If an NFL player is caught wearing illegal equipment, they are suspended for how long?
Questions: "text":"In women’s tennis, who has the longest match winning streak since 2000?
Questions: "text":"What college team won multiple national football championships with a head coach born in Norway?
Questions: "text":"What team has lost the greatest number of World Series that they played in?
Questions: "text":"Which of these elements has the lowest atomic number?
Questions: "text":"Which of these terms commonly describes appliances?
Questions: "text":"Which piece of jewelry is typically worn lowest on the body?
Questions: "text":"Which planet is closest to the Sun?
Questions: "text":"A Juris Doctor is a professional degree generally obtained to practice what?
Questions: "text":"In which of these novels does a conch shell play a key role?
Questions: "text":"The first televised debate featuring US presidential candidates included whom?
Questions: "text":"Which carbohydrate is commonly found in biryani?
Questions: "text":"Which musical artist’s birth name is Quentin Leo Cook?
Questions: "text":"Which of these tech founders has a verified Twitter account?
Questions: "text":"Which of these states contains the capital with the highest altitude?
Questions: "text":"According to the lyrics, what does Sia do to prepare for her night out in “Cheap Thrills”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT a direct quotation from Shakespeare?
Questions: "text":"Which Nancy Meyers film mainly takes place in Brooklyn?
Questions: "text":"Which of these alphabets contains the most letters?
Questions: "text":"Which of these living US vice presidents is the youngest?
Questions: "text":"The actress who played a live-action Cindy Lou Who went on to act in which teen drama?
Questions: "text":"According to Major League Baseball rules, team uniforms are NOT allowed to depict what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Great Lakes is bordered by the fewest US states?
Questions: "text":"Richard Attenborough repeats which of these lines in “Jurassic Park”?
Questions: "text":"What famous fictional elephant can fly with his ears?
Questions: "text":"Who played my twin in “Twins”?
Questions: "text":"Which Batman villain did I portray?
Questions: "text":"What was my role in the hit television show “Taxi”?
Questions: "text":"I provided voice-over at the start of which of these films?
Questions: "text":"Last year, a teen went viral for bringing my cardboard cutout where?
Questions: "text":"The band pictured here featured me in which music video?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Michael Douglas-starring films did I direct?
Questions: "text":"What historical figure does my character play in “Get Shorty”?
Questions: "text":"Which character from “Throw Momma from the Train” earned its portrayer an Oscar nomination?
Questions: "text":"What does Mr. Wormwood NOT tell Matilda in the movie “Matilda”?
Questions: "text":"What piece of garbage is Frank as “The Trashman” first seen eating in “It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia”?
Questions: "text":"Who is this autobiographical narrator?
Questions: "text":"This novel is called “A Clockwork” what?
Questions: "text":"Who wrote this novel?
Questions: "text":"“A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man” was written by a man from which place?
Questions: "text":"This is the beginning to a classic novel by what author?
Questions: "text":"Which of these novels features a protagonist named Santiago?
Questions: "text":"The author of this novel did NOT also write which of these?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Neil Gaiman works did NOT begin as a comic book or graphic novel?
Questions: "text":"What Stephen King novel features “a nightmare Spider from beyond time and space”?
Questions: "text":"The end of this bestselling novel famously ends with what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these titles is part of the “Outlander” series?
Questions: "text":"How does this famous quotation from Mary Shelley’s “Frankenstein” end?
Questions: "text":"According to a popular saying, “Round and round she goes, where she stops,” what?
Questions: "text":"What is the man holding in the Grant Wood painting “American Gothic”?
Questions: "text":"By definition, democracy is rule by what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT a chapter title in a “Harry Potter” book?
Questions: "text":"Nintendo of America’s new CEO has what very appropriate name?
Questions: "text":"What city’s most famous nickname is from the English translation of the city name?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT a real flavor of Jell-O gelatin that was once available in stores?
Questions: "text":"To preserve the local natural beauty, which of these states was the first to outlaw billboards?
Questions: "text":"Which has the United States had more of?
Questions: "text":"The mascot of the Borden Dairy Company is said to be married to what other product’s mascot?
Questions: "text":"The woman in this commercial also appeared in a music video by what artist?
Questions: "text":"What “Simpsons” guest voice refused to read lines making fun of a main character, calling him “my role model”?
Questions: "text":"Where’s the Food?
Questions: "text":"Which continent is the United States on?
Questions: "text":"Which of these animals does NOT have tusks?
Questions: "text":"In the game “Yahtzee,” what is a Yahtzee?
Questions: "text":"If chicken cordon bleu was a truly accurate name, which would be an ingredient?
Questions: "text":"Name-checked in the song, what artist helped inspire Lynyrd Skynyrd’s “Sweet Home Alabama”?
Questions: "text":"Where would you see a croupier working?
Questions: "text":"What NBA Hall of Fame athlete scored just a single three-pointer in his entire career?
Questions: "text":"The first-ever movie with a Happy Meal tie-in is part of what series?
Questions: "text":"Who did NOT star in the “Hans and Franz” sketches on “Saturday Night Live”?
Questions: "text":"This temple was built by adherents of what faith?
Questions: "text":"Which of these places is biggest by population?
Questions: "text":"While receiving the National Medal of Arts, who appeared to reach for the US president’s pants?
Questions: "text":"According to an old saying, “Time flies when you’re having” what?
Questions: "text":"Shamrocks are the national flower of what place?
Questions: "text":"Which of these animals is a bovine?
Questions: "text":"Which pair of words has no universally accepted contraction?
Questions: "text":"What note is NOT in a C-major chord as typically played on the piano?
Questions: "text":"Which of these American cities dyes its river green to celebrate St Patrick’s Day?
Questions: "text":"Which of these ingredients is NOT typically included in corned beef and cabbage?
Questions: "text":"In the book that was the basis for the 1939 film “The Wizard of Oz,” what color shoes did Dorothy have?
Questions: "text":"Which sports franchise has retired the number of an athlete who never played for them?
Questions: "text":"How was Napoleon III related to Napoléon Bonaparte?
Questions: "text":"Africa’s oldest modern republic has a capital named after which of these?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Asian leaders is NOT associated with a common type of men's jacket?
Questions: "text":"What does the nonsense title of Iron Butterfly’s biggest hit refer to?
Questions: "text":"What Canadian province has the most populated capital city?
Questions: "text":"At the 75th annual Oscars, who had appeared in three of the five Best Picture nominees?
Questions: "text":"Which classic rock song does NOT use the famous “Bo Diddley beat”?
Questions: "text":"“Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A” is a sequence first associated with what video game company?
Questions: "text":"Which of these countries has the most elements on the periodic table named for places within it?
Questions: "text":"Which of these authors wrote a classic book that was almost called “Twilight”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these regions is home to an island that uses currency larger than a human?
Questions: "text":"What was released to the public exactly a week after the first “Star Wars” film?
Questions: "text":"According to an old saying, “Where there’s a will, there’s a” what?
Questions: "text":"Which pair of continents lies on the same landmass?
Questions: "text":"Which stringed instrument is typically fretless?
Questions: "text":"Which of these food names accurately describes its ingredients?
Questions: "text":"Which of these musicals was famously sampled by Jay-Z in a hit song?
Questions: "text":"Who narrated the cult sitcom created by Mitchell Hurwitz?
Questions: "text":"How did Alexander Graham Bell suggest people answer their phones?
Questions: "text":"Who goes there?
Questions: "text":"A common urban legend holds that eggs are easier to balance on one end at what specific time?
Questions: "text":"Which hit 1985 film was its director’s feature film debut?
Questions: "text":"What designer is credited with popularizing the wrap dress?
Questions: "text":"Which US president spoke English as his second language?
Questions: "text":"Africa’s first female recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize initiated a group primarily focused on what?
Questions: "text":"On the periodic table, the halogens all end with what three letters?
Questions: "text":"Which capital city is in a US state whose official motto is in Spanish?
Questions: "text":"The all-time most-viewed YouTube video that’s not a music video shows what?
Questions: "text":"What Tips Off Tomorrow?
Questions: "text":"At the NFL Combine, what distance is used to measure a player’s sprint speed?
Questions: "text":"A recent poll estimates that in 2019, roughly one in five American adults will fill out what?
Questions: "text":"What MLB team plays home games at the highest elevation above sea level?
Questions: "text":"Who holds the record for most World Cup women’s season titles in downhill skiing?
Questions: "text":"Who hit this famous World Series home run?
Questions: "text":"Who has the most all-time goals in soccer’s UEFA Champions League?
Questions: "text":"Who holds the record for most Ryder Cup appearances?
Questions: "text":"Which NFL player did NOT have at least two seasons with 2,000 yards from scrimmage?
Questions: "text":"Which of these NHL teams has the best winning percentage based on its appearances in the Stanley Cup Finals?
Questions: "text":"Who won Dale Earnhardt’s last race?
Questions: "text":"Not counting James Harden, who has attempted the most shots per game in the NBA this season?
Questions: "text":"What term is commonly given to players who leave for the NBA after their freshman year?
Questions: "text":"What is the only school to win the men’s and women’s NCAA basketball tournaments in the same year?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT one of the regions in the men’s NCAA Tournament?
Questions: "text":"The National Invitation Tournament is played entirely at the home of what NBA team?
Questions: "text":"Who is this coach running around, looking for a hug after one of the tournament’s greatest upsets?
Questions: "text":"What women’s team was the first in either March Madness tournament to beat a No. 1 seed as a No. 16?
Questions: "text":"Which player had the highest career scoring average in NCAA history?
Questions: "text":"Besides UConn, what was the last team to win back-to-back women’s NCAA basketball titles?
Questions: "text":"Which team nickname did NOT receive a No. 1 overall seed in the men’s or women’s tournament this year?
Questions: "text":"What university's team had the fake fraternity nickname of “Phi Slamma Jamma”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these players led the NCAA in points per game during a college season?
Questions: "text":"By seed, what team was the biggest underdog to win the men’s NCAA tournament?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is most likely found inside a light bulb?
Questions: "text":"What are Japanese cartoons called?
Questions: "text":"What show’s new trailer for its third season opens with an ’80s ballad by Mötley Crüe?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT one of the watercraft included in the board game Battleship?
Questions: "text":"Between the start and end of the first “Back to the Future” movie, what happened to the shopping mall?
Questions: "text":"What profession is most likely to benefit from the Maillard reaction?
Questions: "text":"What gemstone comes in every color except red, because when red it’s called a ruby?
Questions: "text":"In “The Great Gatsby,” Tom and Daisy have the same last name as a famous real-life what?
Questions: "text":"The earliest known version of the Hippocratic oath mentions the name of what Greek god?
Questions: "text":"Which element of the periodic table is named for the creator of the periodic table?
Questions: "text":"In its last season, the sitcom “Too Close for Comfort” was called what?
Questions: "text":"Earth’s greatest sheer vertical drop is the side of a mountain in what country?
Questions: "text":"In the “Harry Potter” books, who is known as He Who Must Not Be Named?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is an official class at Hogwarts?
Questions: "text":"What house did the Sorting Hat once describe as taking “the rest” of Hogwarts students?
Questions: "text":"Which of these characters is an animagus?
Questions: "text":"According to JK Rowling, which creature’s hair forms the core of the Elder Wand?
Questions: "text":"Who destroyed the locket Horcrux?
Questions: "text":"Which of these character names appears in the official Hogwarts school motto?
Questions: "text":"Which of these subjects did Dumbledore officially teach at Hogwarts?
Questions: "text":"Ron is a keen reader of a comic book about which of these figures?
Questions: "text":"According to Slughorn, what is a good way to disable a Muggle burglar alarm?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a canon Beedle the Bard fairytale?
Questions: "text":"Which of these topics does Severus Snape teach as a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher?
Questions: "text":"Which item would nutritionists consider a healthy snack?
Questions: "text":"What video game is shown here?
Questions: "text":"Jeggings are leggings that simulate the appearance of what?
Questions: "text":"Photosynthesis primarily converts light energy into what other form?
Questions: "text":"Which of these social media apps does NOT have a Stories feature?
Questions: "text":"Of these musical acts, which did NOT record a single called “Crazy”?
Questions: "text":"What is this boy’s name?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a tetralogy?
Questions: "text":"What species of dinosaur is Barney?
Questions: "text":"Which state is the oldest continuously published newspaper in the US from?
Questions: "text":"Which US president served in the House of Representatives after his presidency?
Questions: "text":"In “Jurassic Park,” what is Dennis wearing in the “ah ah ah, you didn’t say the magic word” graphic?
Questions: "text":"Fashionable Clothing Item?
Questions: "text":"Believed to be helpful, the bacteria found in yogurt are known as what?
Questions: "text":"How many unique positions can the original Rubik’s Cube be twisted into?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT an amphibian?
Questions: "text":"In France, an “atelier” refers to what kind of place?
Questions: "text":"Who is the composer behind this classical masterpiece?
Questions: "text":"In literature, the Bulwer-Lytton prize is awarded for the worst what?
Questions: "text":"What is the most populous city in the world’s fourth-most populous country?
Questions: "text":"Stephen Hawking lends his name to a theoretical type of what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these states has a state song whose title does NOT mention the state?
Questions: "text":"The actor who originally narrated the American TV version of “Planet Earth” also played what iconic character?
Questions: "text":"Which of these national flags depicts a scroll?
Questions: "text":"The author of what famous work called Mark Twain a “hack”?
Questions: "text":"Invitation on a Trawler","answer":["FISH","NETFLIX","&","CHILL?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of Jafar’s trusty sidekick in “Aladdin”?
Questions: "text":"What snack does the evil Queen offer Snow White?
Questions: "text":"In addition to Peter Pan, Captain Hook is also enemies with what kind of creature?
Questions: "text":"What are the names of Cinderella’s nasty stepsisters in the animated film?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Disney villains is primarily purple?
Questions: "text":"What is Cruella De Vil’s relationship to Anita in the animated “101 Dalmatians”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Disney villains does NOT have a similar hairstyle to the other two?
Questions: "text":"According to the lyrics of her song, what kind of people does Ursula use her magic on?
Questions: "text":"What does Gaston yell right before the Beast dangles him off the roof in the animated “Beauty and the Beast”?
Questions: "text":"At Aurora’s christening in Disney’s original “Sleeping Beauty,” Maleficent describes the fairies as what?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT a direction the Queen of Hearts barks at Alice in the animated “Alice in Wonderland”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Disney villains said, “Take whatever booty you can find”?
Questions: "text":"Bobcat Goldthwait voices a sidekick to a Disney villain who has what distinctive feature?
Questions: "text":"What does Captain Hook try to bribe his prisoners with?
Questions: "text":"What is the very first thing Scar says in “The Lion King”?
Questions: "text":"What do you want?
Questions: "text":"Life’s not fair, is it?
Questions: "text":"Best Day of the Week?
Questions: "text":"’80s Tagline","answer":["WHERE’S","THE","BEEF?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is the term that describes a play changed at the line of scrimmage?
Questions: "text":"In basketball, which of these fouls is committed by a player in possession of the ball?
Questions: "text":"What is the lowest-seeded men’s team still in the NCAA tournament?
Questions: "text":"In what tournament did Tiger Woods make this iconic shot?
Questions: "text":"Which of these leagues has the most rounds in their draft?
Questions: "text":"After what play is one team allowed to attempt a field goal without the other team defending it?
Questions: "text":"What team has employed each of the NBA’s current top four all-time leading scorers?
Questions: "text":"What team has scored the most points in one game in the men’s NCAA tournament so far this year?
Questions: "text":"What nation currently has the greatest number of women in the LPGA’s top 10?
Questions: "text":"What team has the best winning percentage in World Series games?
Questions: "text":"Who was the first player to win the Heisman and a Super Bowl MVP?
Questions: "text":"The first athlete suspended for doping at the Olympics was busted for what substance?
Questions: "text":"Eggs are often sold in US grocery stores by the what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these was written by Leo Tolstoy?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a type of cat?
Questions: "text":"A waistcoat most closely resembles what other article of clothing?
Questions: "text":"What is a synonym for “gallimaufry”?
Questions: "text":"Often used in baking, cream of tartar comes from the making of what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these classic arcade games has a full musical soundtrack?
Questions: "text":"Chris Strompolos and Eric Zala became famous for remaking what 1980s film as teenagers?
Questions: "text":"The only known biofluorescent reptile is a species of what?
Questions: "text":"This iconic play was nicknamed the “Miracle in” what place?
Questions: "text":"When upside-down, Indonesia’s flag looks a lot like whose?
Questions: "text":"Which musical act was NOT signed to Motown?
Questions: "text":"Who recorded the hit song “Purple Rain”?
Questions: "text":"A famous line associated with Superman is “Up, up, and” what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a coastal state?
Questions: "text":"What is this TV show a spinoff of?
Questions: "text":"Portuguese Opening is the name of a famous what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these musicians is a world-renowned fan of horology?
Questions: "text":"What medieval-fantasy arcade game ended with the announcement, “Thy game is over”?
Questions: "text":"What unit is defined as the amount of heat needed to raise a pound of water one degree Fahrenheit?
Questions: "text":"When first completed, the Great Pyramid of Giza was covered in what material?
Questions: "text":"The Italian dish whose name translates to “jumps in the mouth” primarily features what?
Questions: "text":"In mathematical terms, which number is NOT transcendental?
Questions: "text":"Which movie features the dog breed the AKC currently ranks as America’s most popular?
Questions: "text":"According to an old saying, what does every cloud have?
Questions: "text":"Which is best suited for warm weather?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT a real kind of genetic material?
Questions: "text":"Who is the US president giving this speech?
Questions: "text":"What flavor of Life Savers candy creates vivid blue sparks if you hit it with a hammer?
Questions: "text":"Which animal is scientifically labeled as a unicorn?
Questions: "text":"A popular internet theory holds that “Get Out” is set in the same world as what other film?
Questions: "text":"Who is NOT one of the two tallest players in NBA history?
Questions: "text":"What nation is eSwatini almost surrounded by?
Questions: "text":"Which of these holidays does NOT have a corresponding “Charlie Brown” TV special?
Questions: "text":"Who sang the highest note in Queen’s “Bohemian Rhapsody”?
Questions: "text":"This 1960s footage is from whose first feature-length film?
Questions: "text":"What’s the Folk Singer Doing?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is the nickname of the highest wall on an MLB playing field?
Questions: "text":"What kind of pitch always moves to the side of the pitcher’s throwing arm?
Questions: "text":"What did the Boston Red Sox receive from the Yankees in exchange for Babe Ruth?
Questions: "text":"The only player to be unanimously voted into the Baseball Hall of Fame played what position?
Questions: "text":"Which team was NOT one of the two to play the first game of the 2019 baseball season?
Questions: "text":"When the Cubs finally broke their World Series drought, what was the scorecard scoring of their final play?
Questions: "text":"Who was the first player in the World Series era to steal 100 bases in a season?
Questions: "text":"Which of these single-player achievements has been accomplished the fewest times in the MLB?
Questions: "text":"What player has the longest streak of consecutive seasons accumulating at least 10 WAR?
Questions: "text":"What was the last team to have two different players win Cy Youngs in back-to-back years?
Questions: "text":"What is the ruling if a player uses his hat to catch a fly ball?
Questions: "text":"Which event happened on a Major League Baseball opening day?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a popular bagel flavor?
Questions: "text":"What type of dog is this?
Questions: "text":"The saying “tempest in a teapot” means something has been what?
Questions: "text":"Oxytocin is generally known as the what hormone?
Questions: "text":"What are paralegals NOT allowed to do?
Questions: "text":"By area and population, what is the largest Mediterranean island?
Questions: "text":"Which of these comedic actors has NOT starred in a movie adaptation of “A Christmas Carol”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these elements has a chemical symbol that matches the beginning of its English name?
Questions: "text":"What actor was discovered by Steven Spielberg after directing and starring in a semi-autobiographical movie?
Questions: "text":"Which of these words is NOT generally considered a capitonym?
Questions: "text":"According to the Dolly Parton and Kenny Rogers duet about islands, “this could be the year for the” what?
Questions: "text":"What did Oprah say to Tom Cruise right after he famously jumped on her couch?
Questions: "text":"What happened to you?
Questions: "text":"Which of these dog breeds was recognized by the American Kennel Club first?
Questions: "text":"Which of these words does NOT appear in the US Declaration of Independence?
Questions: "text":"What fictional place name did Princess Adora shout when transforming into She-Ra?
Questions: "text":"During whose presidency were the most US states admitted to the Union?
Questions: "text":"“How You Feeling, Pal?
Questions: "text":"What catchphrase is Bugs Bunny famous for?
Questions: "text":"What’s up, doc?
Questions: "text":"According to an old expression, someone out for revenge has what?
Questions: "text":"What does an odd number plus an odd number equal?
Questions: "text":"What are Spike Lee’s films usually called instead of films?
Questions: "text":"When kissed, what Irish landmark purportedly gives “The Gift of Gab”?
Questions: "text":"What is this early movie-viewing device called?
Questions: "text":"If a bagel is served “St. Louis-style,” how is it served?
Questions: "text":"From what country did Paddington Bear arrive in England?
Questions: "text":"The term “TV dinner” was coined by what company?
Questions: "text":"What album lingered on the Billboard 200 for more than 900 weeks, only hitting the No. 1 spot once?
Questions: "text":"Which US president is the only US president elected from his party?
Questions: "text":"The first Earth Day coincided with whose 100th birthday?
Questions: "text":"The caption that traditionally opens “Star Wars” movies sets them how long ago?
Questions: "text":"In the sequel trilogy, what are the equivalents of the Empire and the Rebellion?
Questions: "text":"In the classic trilogy, who is the first character to mention the Emperor?
Questions: "text":"Which of these actors has played multiple roles in different “Star Wars” films?
Questions: "text":"Which film’s opening shot pans downward?
Questions: "text":"Who saved Luke with that maneuver?
Questions: "text":"Yoda fled into hiding after losing a showdown with whom?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT a type of TIE fighter that has appeared in a “Star Wars” film?
Questions: "text":"Which “Star Wars” character’s clothing previously appeared in a completely different sci-fi franchise?
Questions: "text":"This fan is cosplaying as a character from what?
Questions: "text":"In the 1993 video game “Star Wars Chess,” what character represents the Rebel Force knights?
Questions: "text":"Which “Clone Wars” character is of a species seen in the original 1977 film?
Questions: "text":"According to an old saying, “You can’t teach an old dog” what?
Questions: "text":"Astronomers believe what event created the universe?
Questions: "text":"Which US state consists entirely of islands?
Questions: "text":"Which of these artists was a cubist?
Questions: "text":"“Gritty” is the mascot for what NHL team?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is an example of Korean food?
Questions: "text":"At the end of this video, what film do they see?
Questions: "text":"Who is the final boss in the original Mortal Kombat?
Questions: "text":"What US bill does NOT feature a portrait of a character from the hit musical “Hamilton”?
Questions: "text":"In Pixar’s “Finding Dory,” who performs the voice of a pinniped?
Questions: "text":"Aureolin pigment mixed with cerulean pigment makes approximately what kind of pigment?
Questions: "text":"What avenue in the Bronx contains the acknowledged birthplace of hip-hop culture?
Questions: "text":"What type of circuit is pictured here?
Questions: "text":"Which city does NOT host a Nobel Prize ceremony?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Beatles songs is written in the first person?
Questions: "text":"Which school’s mascot is a form of plant life?
Questions: "text":"Which ’90s TV show title contains a cardinal number?
Questions: "text":"According to old naval terminology, what was a “ship of the line” best suited for?
Questions: "text":"Which of these men became US president the soonest after becoming US vice president?
Questions: "text":"Which part of the human eye is located the deepest inside?
Questions: "text":"Which of these novels is NOT by an American woman who won the Nobel Prize in Literature?
Questions: "text":"Whose law is demonstrated here?
Questions: "text":"What is the only official EU language that is both Semitic and written with Latin letters?
Questions: "text":"Which television show was the first to receive captioning?
Questions: "text":"An old saying advises not to count what before they’ve hatched?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT a stack of cards included with a standard Monopoly board game?
Questions: "text":"Which of these conflicts did the US enter first?
Questions: "text":"Cuticles are most closely associated with which body part?
Questions: "text":"Of these sporting events, which occurs in the shortest amount of total standard game time?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Nickelodeon cartoons aired by far the most episodes?
Questions: "text":"The fur of all tabby cats always includes which of these?
Questions: "text":"Which of these words is of Chinese origin?
Questions: "text":"The longest regularly scheduled airline flight links what cities?
Questions: "text":"Which continent is home to the world’s largest freshwater lake by surface area?
Questions: "text":"The 1994 film “It Runs in the Family” is a sequel with almost none of the original actors of what?
Questions: "text":"In which of these places was the “Dragon Storm” observed?
Questions: "text":"Which of these composers is NOT considered Baroque?
Questions: "text":"Of these countries, whose national flag displays the country’s shape?
Questions: "text":"What expensive gift is J.Lo mad about at the start of her music video for “Love Don’t Cost a Thing”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these places is known for being home to black bears?
Questions: "text":"What environment is the American black bear usually found in?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT the name for a real type of bear?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of the biggest known bear species in history?
Questions: "text":"What color is the outer layer of polar bear fur?
Questions: "text":"Which of these animals are bears most closely related to?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT a theory for how the grizzly bear got its name?
Questions: "text":"What type of bear is this?
Questions: "text":"Which so-called bear is NOT a species of bear?
Questions: "text":"The noun “bear” came from a word that meant what?
Questions: "text":"Which type of paws do bears have?
Questions: "text":"What type of bear has a bony extension that acts like a thumb on its front legs?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is an Olympic style of wrestling?
Questions: "text":"Who announced his retirement two games into this Major League Baseball season?
Questions: "text":"What school took the heartbreaking loss in this classic March Madness game?
Questions: "text":"Which of these penalties always results in an automatic first down in the NFL?
Questions: "text":"The athlete who scored the most points in a single NCAA tournament game played for what school?
Questions: "text":"Which pitcher has NOT won a Cy Young Award?
Questions: "text":"Who was the first woman to knock out Ronda Rousey in the UFC?
Questions: "text":"Which of these NBA teams has NOT been mathematically eliminated from playoff contention this year?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Grand Slam events is NOT currently played on what is considered “hard court”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these teams has been eliminated from this year’s UEFA Champions League play?
Questions: "text":"What team once officially drafted a fictional person as a protest of the NHL draft process?
Questions: "text":"What is the only school to have students picked first in both the NBA and WNBA drafts in the same year?
Questions: "text":"In the classic “Twilight Zone” episode of the same title, what is “To Serve Man”?
Questions: "text":"How did Rod Serling describe the Twilight Zone in the show’s opening?
Questions: "text":"One of the best-loved classic episodes is titled “The Monsters Are Due” where?
Questions: "text":"Where is William Shatner’s character flying home from in “Nightmare at 20,000 Feet”?
Questions: "text":"What is the twist ending to “The Midnight Sun,” in which Earth is slowly getting hotter?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of the creepy doll that threatened its owner’s parents?
Questions: "text":"The episode “Long Distance Call” concerns a series of phone calls that go where?
Questions: "text":"Which episode has no dialogue except Serling’s narration and a brief closing voiceover?
Questions: "text":"Who is NOT one of the “Five Characters in Search of an Exit”?
Questions: "text":"The closing narration of “Time Enough at Last” references the title of a famous work by which author?
Questions: "text":"The first time a character interacts with Rod Serling on-screen, what does that character do?
Questions: "text":"Which of these awards was won by an episode of the original “Twilight Zone” series?
Questions: "text":"?
Questions: "text":"The legendary jazz musician Edward Ellington commonly went by what nickname?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a type of medieval armor?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT a commonly played form of football?
Questions: "text":"Which of these can someone on the original Master Cleanse diet consume?
Questions: "text":"Which of these musical “Vans” is from Ireland?
Questions: "text":"Which of these fingernails typically grows the fastest on a dominant human hand?
Questions: "text":"The current scientific consensus is that the universe is doing which of these?
Questions: "text":"The Rosetta Stone directly led linguists to finally decipher which of these languages?
Questions: "text":"In Russia, a dwelling known as a “dacha” is most similar to which of these?
Questions: "text":"Car mirrors with reflections “closer than they appear” are usually which of these?
Questions: "text":"Which historical figure did Shakespeare name the fewest number of plays after?
Questions: "text":"Which of these recent news events happened first?
Questions: "text":"Which of these cities is NOT the capital of a current UN Security Council member?
Questions: "text":"Which TV show based an episode on the first novel by a woman to receive the Pulitzer?
Questions: "text":"Which of these places has a large cluster of islands named after other countries?
Questions: "text":"What term describes a tennis serve that hits the net, but still lands in the service court?
Questions: "text":"What player will NOT be participating in this year’s NBA Playoffs?
Questions: "text":"Which of these sports leagues just announced it is suspending all operations?
Questions: "text":"Where was the first official outdoor NHL regular-season game played?
Questions: "text":"What woman dunked multiple times in the 2012 NCAA tournament on the way to a title?
Questions: "text":"Which of these NFL infractions results in the largest amount of penalty yardage?
Questions: "text":"Which of these teams will NOT play in London this year?
Questions: "text":"Last week, Tottenham striker Harry Kane announced his desire to play in what other pro sports league?
Questions: "text":"In what sport has a single coach won at least five NCAA titles coaching both men and women?
Questions: "text":"What is the only school to win both the NCAA men’s basketball tournament and the NIT in the same year?
Questions: "text":"What father-son combo both rank in the top 10 all-time in NASCAR Cup Series wins?
Questions: "text":"Which coach has only won NCAA championships as a No. 1 seed?
Questions: "text":"Which of these empires is fictional?
Questions: "text":"What must you guess to win a game of Hangman?
Questions: "text":"What is the radio edit of CeeLo Green’s highest-charting hit called?
Questions: "text":"The movie “Frozen” drove tourism to the Lofoten archipelago in what country?
Questions: "text":"Which title is a story in Dr. Seuss’ “The Sneetches and Other Stories”?
Questions: "text":"Ascorbic acid is better known as what?
Questions: "text":"On what Rolling Stones song did David Bowie contribute back-up vocals?
Questions: "text":"What is a necessary part of Double Dutch jump roping?
Questions: "text":"A blue oval with a white “Y” inside it is a mark of what college’s athletic department?
Questions: "text":"If you see an octopus thrown onto an NHL rink, what city’s team is most likely playing?
Questions: "text":"What insect navigates using the Milky Way’s appearance in the night sky?
Questions: "text":"Which of these actors reportedly gained the most weight for a movie role?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is the capital of a US state whose postal abbreviation doubles as a common greeting?
Questions: "text":"The common name for a continuously moving passenger elevator translates to what?
Questions: "text":"The first-ever US National Monument plays a very key role in a famous film starring whom?
Questions: "text":"According to an old saying, “beggars can’t be” what?
Questions: "text":"Which musical instrument typically has the most strings by far?
Questions: "text":"In what language was “The Three Musketeers” first published?
Questions: "text":"A trailer that just dropped tells the story of Arthur Fleck, better known as who?
Questions: "text":"What is the only two-letter combination on the lettered dice in standard Boggle?
Questions: "text":"What is London’s subway system known as?
Questions: "text":"Which of these places has a chemical element named after it?
Questions: "text":"Which sitcom was NOT created by Sherwood Schwartz?
Questions: "text":"Richard Wagner wrote a four-opera cycle named for what?
Questions: "text":"What is the nationality of the only person to win the unofficial Triple Crown of Motorsport?
Questions: "text":"Which of these quotes was a memorable part of the 1988 US presidential election?
Questions: "text":"Where’s the beef?
Questions: "text":"Who did Dan Aykroyd play in the only feature film he directed?
Questions: "text":"Who is Michael Scott talking to in this scene?
Questions: "text":"Who is the “secret admirer” that sends Kelly this Valentine?
Questions: "text":"In this episode, Erin and Andy sing to the melody of which artist’s hit?
Questions: "text":"Who forgets their purse in this classic cold open?
Questions: "text":"What danger do Dwight and Michael warn of in this music video?
Questions: "text":"Who asks the first question of Prison Mike in this scene?
Questions: "text":"What does Stanley initially say in reaction to his Dundie nomination in this episode?
Questions: "text":"Have you lost your mind?
Questions: "text":"Do you know the time?
Questions: "text":"Why are you here?
Questions: "text":"Where does Jim Carrey’s character have to go after his interview?
Questions: "text":"What movie had Angela and the Senator seen before allegedly conceiving Philip?
Questions: "text":"Where did Bob Vance buy Phyllis’s perfume from?
Questions: "text":"What tattoo did Gabe say he got to impress Erin?
Questions: "text":"In this scene, who does Dwight say is his best friend?
Questions: "text":"Which of these has been a common feature of churches for centuries?
Questions: "text":"Which of these instruments is often heard in Baroque music?
Questions: "text":"A paleontologist would most likely study the fossils of which animal?
Questions: "text":"What is the only country that produces Prosecco?
Questions: "text":"The author of what children’s book also wrote raunchy rock n roll songs?
Questions: "text":"Which of these chess openings can only be performed by the player using the black pieces?
Questions: "text":"Which of these metals occurs in its metallic form in nature?
Questions: "text":"Which of these attractions still exists at the original Disneyland under the same name?
Questions: "text":"In which of these states is the largest city also the capital?
Questions: "text":"“Take it Easyster” is the name of a holiday often celebrated by fans of what film?
Questions: "text":"At which of point in the moon cycle is the difference between high and low tide at its smallest?
Questions: "text":"In Japan, which of these foods is often made and eaten by family members on New Year’s Day?
Questions: "text":"When expressed in everyday US math terms, a long scale billion is equivalent to what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these was NOT one of George Washington’s original cabinet posts?
Questions: "text":"Which continent has the most countries with four-letter English names?
Questions: "text":"Field Trip Choice","answer":["ZOO,","AQUARIUM","OR","CAPITOL?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is an autumn month in the Southern Hemisphere?
Questions: "text":"When the cable channel AMC launched, what did the “M” stand for?
Questions: "text":"What toys famously wobble but do not fall down?
Questions: "text":"Which city is in the same time zone as Chicago?
Questions: "text":"In logic, the “Bandwagon fallacy” is also known as what?
Questions: "text":"Mathematically, what are the shapes in classic Tetris games called?
Questions: "text":"Turritopsis dohrnii, which replenishes its own cells, is better known as what?
Questions: "text":"Maurice Sendak created his “Wild Things” because he couldn’t draw what?
Questions: "text":"What band’s album covers often depict a huge guitar-shaped flying vehicle?
Questions: "text":"Who did NOT win in the only Best Actress tie in Oscar history?
Questions: "text":"The principal owner of the Boston Red Sox also owns what British soccer team?
Questions: "text":"What “Monty Python”-style name did the press give a 1979 incident involving President Carter?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Pennsylvania cities did NOT serve as the capital of the US?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is on the flag of the only inhabited US territory in the Southern Hemisphere?
Questions: "text":"What is the capital of the country from which the US imports the most oil?
Questions: "text":"Which character stars in the latest Marvel movie to make $1 billion at the box office?
Questions: "text":"Ant-Man recently shared a film title with what other insect-based character?
Questions: "text":"Which of these actors has played the Hulk?
Questions: "text":"Which of these songs is on the first “Guardians of the Galaxy” soundtrack?
Questions: "text":"Who plays the Black Panther’s sister?
Questions: "text":"What is Rachel McAdams’ character’s job in “Doctor Strange”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT one of the names of the Infinity Stones?
Questions: "text":"Which of these can be seen in Tony Stark’s workshop in “Iron Man”?
Questions: "text":"Which movie does NOT feature a character played by the film’s director?
Questions: "text":"What song does Iron Man drunkenly play while manning the DJ booth in “Iron Man 2”?
Questions: "text":"What Marvel film was the first to feature Agent Phil Coulson?
Questions: "text":"How does Bucky describe himself when he returns in “Avengers: Infinity War”?
Questions: "text":"Which does Stan Lee NOT do in a Marvel movie cameo?
Questions: "text":"In the play within “Thor: Ragnarok,” what does Loki apologize to Thor about?
Questions: "text":"How does Steve Rogers feel after his Captain America transformation?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT a commonly recognized sports ailment?
Questions: "text":"What recently retired football player has appeared in a match at Wrestlemania?
Questions: "text":"NCAA tournament standout Sabrina Ionescu announced she’s going to return to what school?
Questions: "text":"Which MLB team does NOT play home games in a stadium named after a beer company?
Questions: "text":"What team did Karl “Tuffy” Rhodes blast three opening-day homers off of in 1994?
Questions: "text":"Who has the career record for most points scored in the NCAA men’s basketball tournament?
Questions: "text":"During Ronda Rousey’s 12-fight UFC win streak, who was the only fighter to last past Round 1?
Questions: "text":"Which of these things do Eddie Murray, Chipper Jones, and Mickey Mantle all have in common?
Questions: "text":"This year’s current NHL points leader played internationally for what nation?
Questions: "text":"The last Heisman winner to play in the NBA came from what school?
Questions: "text":"What league’s worst teams are in a race for the No. 1 pick nicknamed “lose for Hughes”?
Questions: "text":"This year’s LA Rams joined what other franchise as the only to go without a TD in a Super Bowl?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a famous line from the film “Spartacus”?
Questions: "text":"What’s a Spartacus?
Questions: "text":"Which Sacha Baron Cohen character was famously looking for “my wife”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these films did NOT have the same director as the other two?
Questions: "text":"Which action film featured a lead character named Dutch?
Questions: "text":"“Scott Pilgrim vs. the World” was directed by the same person as what film?
Questions: "text":"The actress who played Captain Marvel first earned an Oscar nomination for what film?
Questions: "text":"Which Tokyo hotel are the leads staying at in “Lost in Translation”?
Questions: "text":"What do Romy and Michele try to order at the diner on their way to their reunion?
Questions: "text":"Which of these films was divided by an intermission?
Questions: "text":"In “Clueless,” what is one of the turn-offs Cher lists during her big revelation montage about Josh?
Questions: "text":"The only actor to win an Oscar for “The Favourite” previously starred in what film?
Questions: "text":"Who was the father of the baby in “Three Men and a Baby”?
Questions: "text":"What other drink does Serge offer Axel in this scene from “Beverly Hills Cop”?
Questions: "text":"What does Elle’s dad do in the crowd when she finishes this speech?
Questions: "text":"Which of these movies’ prom scenes includes a choreographed group dance?
Questions: "text":"“Mean” Question","answer":["IS","BUTTER","A","CARB?
Questions: "text":"Unsettling Question","answer":["YOU","LIKE","SCARY","MOVIES?
Questions: "text":"Baseball fields most closely resemble what shape?
Questions: "text":"Billie Eilish’s hit song “My Strange Addiction” samples characters like Michael Scott from what show?
Questions: "text":"What style of house is this?
Questions: "text":"Who is the artist behind this masterpiece?
Questions: "text":"What historical figure “solved” the infamous Gordian knot?
Questions: "text":"Zhu Zhu Pets are meant to evoke which of these animals?
Questions: "text":"After breaking an iPad, who demanded help in a series of tweets, writing “steve jobs gave it to me”?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT a permissible itemized deduction on a US federal individual income tax return?
Questions: "text":"Which band’s lead singer appears in the show within a show on “Extras”?
Questions: "text":"In which of these films does Wallace Shawn NOT voice a school principal?
Questions: "text":"What is Abercrombie & Fitch’s signature scent called?
Questions: "text":"Janet Jackson’s “Nasty” music video features choreography by the singer of what hit song?
Questions: "text":"Good friends are said to be “thick as” what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these sports is typically played on the coldest surface?
Questions: "text":"Which of these words is part of the business acronym NDA?
Questions: "text":"What type of flower is this?
Questions: "text":"What is typically NOT an ingredient in the filling of an egg roll?
Questions: "text":"What is this hairstyle called?
Questions: "text":"The bristles of a Kabuki makeup brush are usually what size compared to an eyeshadow brush?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT a stage in the Hatchimal toy’s life span?
Questions: "text":"In “The Nutty Professor,” the insult comedian is introduced to the crowd as having performed where?
Questions: "text":"Gene Kelly danced a duet with which pop star in a ’90s ad for diet soda?
Questions: "text":"What group’s sanitarium is credited with making cornflakes a breakfast food?
Questions: "text":"The “Pokémon” episode that infamously caused mass seizures was named after what character?
Questions: "text":"In the Czech Republic, which of these rollicking films was simply re-titled “Sexy Party”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these US presidents did NOT have a VP who received the Nobel Peace Prize during his lifetime?
Questions: "text":"What are the last spoken lines in the original “Full House” series?
Questions: "text":"Something on Your Mind?
Questions: "text":"What famously covers the walls at Wrigley Field?
Questions: "text":"What is the term for the area of the football field between the goal line and the 20?
Questions: "text":"Which of these golfers has won the Masters the most times?
Questions: "text":"Which event did Jesse Owens NOT win gold in at the 1936 Olympics?
Questions: "text":"What NBA rookie is the first since Michael Jordan to average at least 21 points, five rebounds, and five assists?
Questions: "text":"Which player was NOT involved in the longest pro tennis match of all time?
Questions: "text":"Whose shot did LeBron take away when he made “The Block” to swing momentum in the 2016 Finals?
Questions: "text":"Which of these English Premier League stars had four straight seasons with at least 10 assists?
Questions: "text":"Of these legends, who scored the most points in his last-ever NBA home game?
Questions: "text":"According to “Forbes,” what is currently the NHL’s most valuable franchise after the New York Rangers?
Questions: "text":"Which of these schools most recently had two different basketball players lead the NCAA in scoring in consecutive years?
Questions: "text":"Which of these franchises is NOT among the top four in most World Series won?
Questions: "text":"What are Lady Gaga fans called?
Questions: "text":"What is this dress famously made of?
Questions: "text":"Which of these are lyrics in “Bad Romance”?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of Gaga’s alter ego?
Questions: "text":"What awards ceremony did this moment take place at?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a lyric in “Applause”?
Questions: "text":"The music video for “Paparazzi” features the star of which television show?
Questions: "text":"Lady Gaga’s Netflix documentary was named for what?
Questions: "text":"What was this tweet about?
Questions: "text":"In this scene, what does Ally say to Jackson after they finish their duet?
Questions: "text":"Lady Gaga stars in the “American Horror Story” season that also features what?
Questions: "text":"Which Real Housewife did NOT cameo in the “G.U.Y.” music video?
Questions: "text":"What is Gaga’s pet name for her costar in this video?
Questions: "text":"The “Born This Way” music video opens with a score from what famous director’s film?
Questions: "text":"Which of these items does Lady Gaga NOT have trouble finding in the lyrics to “Just Dance”?
Questions: "text":"Who are You Wearing?
Questions: "text":"What is the primary ingredient in butter?
Questions: "text":"Which movie innovation typically requires special glasses for viewing?
Questions: "text":"This is the first known image of what?
Questions: "text":"The sponsors of Columbus’ first voyage were from what modern-day country?
Questions: "text":"Which of these famous people does NOT have one of the 20 most-followed Twitter accounts?
Questions: "text":"A TV movie about New York Yankees great Roger Maris was titled “61,” followed by what symbol?
Questions: "text":"Which scientific word has ironic origins, given what we now know about it?
Questions: "text":"What has been the busiest day for KFC restaurants in the US in recent years?
Questions: "text":"Which card game does NOT use standard 52-card decks?
Questions: "text":"Which of these countries is entirely landlocked?
Questions: "text":"The James Blunt song “Tears and Rain” references a novel by what writer?
Questions: "text":"Oprah once famously tweeted from an iPad instead of what device she was supposed to be promoting?
Questions: "text":"What does the PU stand for in the battle royale hit “PUBG”?
Questions: "text":"One of the most acclaimed games of all time is “The Legend of Zelda:” what?
Questions: "text":"What language is spoken by the characters in “The Sims” games?
Questions: "text":"“Apex Legends” takes place in the same universe as what other game?
Questions: "text":"Which of these debuted as a playable area in the latest season of “Fortnite”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these was an actual title made to compete with “Mario Kart”?
Questions: "text":"Right up until its release, what was the working title of “Anthem”?
Questions: "text":"Which game series features an AI character who shares her name with Microsoft’s digital assistant?
Questions: "text":"What game was widely criticized for NOT featuring any main “Final Fantasy” characters?
Questions: "text":"The “Overwatch” character d.Va has been described as being a world-class pro in what real-life game series?
Questions: "text":"When originally released, which of these classics featured only overhead gameplay?
Questions: "text":"Found in lots of different games, what is the name of this piece of music?
Questions: "text":"“NBA 2K16” has NOT enabled players to perform which dance?
Questions: "text":"What game is being quoted in this song?
Questions: "text":"In the US version of “Super Smash Bros. Ultimate,” which of these characters taunts in Japanese?
Questions: "text":"A useful mnemonic device says “Lefty-loosey” and what else?
Questions: "text":"Which animal has scales?
Questions: "text":"Which type of hat has no brim?
Questions: "text":"Which of these foods is NOT a soy product?
Questions: "text":"What part of the body contains gustatory cells?
Questions: "text":"Which of these moves is most similar to the dance style known as “popping”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these rivers is the longest in North America?
Questions: "text":"Which actor is a world-class poker player who’s been banned from at least one casino?
Questions: "text":"What is not only possible in Major League Baseball, but occasionally happens?
Questions: "text":"The symbol for recycling is based on a discovery credited to whom?
Questions: "text":"The song lyric ”Will the real Slim Shady please stand up” refers to an old TV show in what genre?
Questions: "text":"Who is the woman in this iconic photo?
Questions: "text":"In “Gulliver’s Travels,” what land was Lilliput perpetually at war with?
Questions: "text":"On what Caribbean island was this video taken?
Questions: "text":"The infamous longest word to appear in Shakespeare’s works relates to what subject matter?
Questions: "text":"Who won in the biblical tale of David and Goliath?
Questions: "text":"By definition, a person who “expectorates” while speaking is doing what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these places has a recognized monarchy?
Questions: "text":"Which of these words is part of the business acronym IPO?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is technically an ossicle?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT in the same family as the other two?
Questions: "text":"By definition, which of these weather conditions is part of the weather phenomenon known as pogonip?
Questions: "text":"A complex of walls thousands of miles long once protected what African kingdom?
Questions: "text":"Which of these organizations has NOT won the Nobel Peace Prize?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is the name of a cat in TS Eliot’s beloved cat poetry book?
Questions: "text":"What does the government of Finland famously give all new mothers?
Questions: "text":"If you suffer from oenophobia, you’ll most likely be revolted by what?
Questions: "text":"Which fountain does the lead actress in Fellini’s “La Dolce Vita” splash around in?
Questions: "text":"The African capital that comes first alphabetically is located in what country?
Questions: "text":"Which historical figures is depicted in a carving at the US Supreme Court building?
Questions: "text":"Can You Sum It Up?
Questions: "text":"What’s the Answer?
Questions: "text":"What does Daenerys famously say “cannot kill a dragon”?
Questions: "text":"What is an extremely notable, dangerous feature of Littlefinger’s and Lysa’s castle?
Questions: "text":"What character had a running gag in which he corrected people’s grammar?
Questions: "text":"On the show, which of these dead characters has NOT been resurrected?
Questions: "text":"What major role was played by an actor who also had another small part on the show?
Questions: "text":"What is Arya Stark’s first lie about in this round of the game of faces?
Questions: "text":"Which of these bands guest-starred on an episode of “Game of Thrones”?
Questions: "text":"As revealed in the most recent season finale, what is Jon Snow’s real first name?
Questions: "text":"Besides Tyrion Lannister, what other character is put to a trial by combat?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is part of the oath of the Night’s Watch?
Questions: "text":"Which of these landmarks is NOT on the same continent as the others?
Questions: "text":"The actor behind what tough guy was part of a successful music duo in the ’90s?
Questions: "text":"What character gives the High Sparrow incriminating information about Cersei, leading to her arrest?
Questions: "text":"According to IMDb, which of these characters has appeared in the most aired episodes?
Questions: "text":"What location is the setting for the first shot of the entire series?
Questions: "text":"What name is shared by the three glasses-wearing brothers in “Slap Shot”?
Questions: "text":"Which athlete is NOT among those featured in “Space Jam”?
Questions: "text":"In the first “Rocky” movie, what is the result of Rocky’s climactic match against Apollo Creed?
Questions: "text":"In “Rudy,” what team does Dan Ruettiger get his sack against?
Questions: "text":"The championship-winning team in “A League of Their Own” represents what state?
Questions: "text":"In the film version of “Friday Night Lights,” in what city do the Panthers play home games?
Questions: "text":"The villainous owner in “Major League” tries to tank so she can move the team to what city?
Questions: "text":"What team does NOT employ either Quincy or Monica in “Love and Basketball”?
Questions: "text":"According to the narrator in “The Sandlot,” where did Babe Ruth call his shot?
Questions: "text":"Which way does Shoeless Joe Jackson bat in “Field of Dreams”?
Questions: "text":"What actor portrays the character who wins the final race in “Talladega Nights”?
Questions: "text":"What tournament does Bill Murray’s character pretend he’s winning in his “Cinderella story” in “Caddyshack”?
Questions: "text":"What ’90s movie famously paired Al Pacino and Robert De Niro in scenes together for the first time?
Questions: "text":"Which of these actors stars in the action film “The Rock”?
Questions: "text":"Tum-Tum is a lead character in which ’90s movie?
Questions: "text":"Tom Hanks won an Oscar for his role in which ’90s film?
Questions: "text":"Who plays the villain in the 1993 version of “The Three Musketeers”?
Questions: "text":"What was Julia Roberts’s alleged nickname on the set of “Hook”?
Questions: "text":"“Can’t Hardly Wait” includes a cameo by the actor famous for which TV role?
Questions: "text":"Which of these ’90s films was directed by Wes Craven?
Questions: "text":"Who met their future husband on the set of “Cruel Intentions”?
Questions: "text":"In which of these ’90s teen movies does Gabrielle Union play a popular girl?
Questions: "text":"Which of these films was almost released with the tagline “It Sucks”?
Questions: "text":"The band playing at the prom in “Idle Hands” is responsible for which hit?
Questions: "text":"Which auteur’s debut feature film originally ended with a lead character meeting their demise?
Questions: "text":"Which movie made more than $1 million at the US box office during a single weekend of its theatrical run?
Questions: "text":"Notes from an executive changed “Newsies” into a movie with what?
Questions: "text":"Is That Yours?
Questions: "text":"For good luck, many brides carry “something old, something new, something borrowed,” and what?
Questions: "text":"Which pair of artists just performed together at Coachella?
Questions: "text":"Which of these hair tools generates heat for styling?
Questions: "text":"Irish breakfast tea is typically what kind of tea?
Questions: "text":"The role of “grand vizier” in the pre-modern Middle East is most similar to which position?
Questions: "text":"Who is the artist behind this modern abstract masterpiece?
Questions: "text":"What song does the cast of “Reality Bites” dance to in the gas station?
Questions: "text":"Which playwright wrote himself into a play wherein he physically fights Shakespeare?
Questions: "text":"In an iconic 1992 commercial, Godzilla plays basketball against which athlete?
Questions: "text":"Which of these famous film characters does NOT wear Ray-Ban sunglasses in their movies?
Questions: "text":"Who was US president when the TV show “Cops” premiered?
Questions: "text":"Which of these was part of Apple’s very short-lived mid-’80s “Apple Collection” of products?
Questions: "text":"Seeing someone else yawn often makes you what?
Questions: "text":"What kind of biome best describes the area around Tucson, Arizona?
Questions: "text":"Which of these creatures lays eggs?
Questions: "text":"By population, which is the largest city in Central America?
Questions: "text":"Which of these are you most likely eat during a Swedish fika?
Questions: "text":"What was the name of Apple’s first digital camera product?
Questions: "text":"What author allegedly said of Faulkner, “Does he really think big emotions come from big words?
Questions: "text":"What actor famously requested to be written off a TV show starring Jennifer Garner?
Questions: "text":"Which of these countries’ current national flag features a star?
Questions: "text":"This famous painting depicts the artist’s what?
Questions: "text":"Which classic movie musical’s female lead is an EGOT winner?
Questions: "text":"Which of these words is a demonym?
Questions: "text":"Which of these countries is NOT currently a member of NATO?
Questions: "text":"What award did Godzilla win at the 1996 MTV Movie Awards?
Questions: "text":"In the Jules Verne novel, who led the expedition around the world in 80 days?
Questions: "text":"What’s on Your Mind?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of the vehicle that leads a field of race cars until the beginning of the first lap?
Questions: "text":"In what category did Russell Westbrook lead the NBA during this regular season?
Questions: "text":"Before this year’s Masters, what was the last major won by Tiger Woods?
Questions: "text":"What team tied the modern record for wins in an NHL season this year?
Questions: "text":"The player ranked No. 1 on this year’s ESPN “World Fame 100” plays what sport?
Questions: "text":"Among non-pitchers, who holds the MLB record for most consecutive at-bats without a hit?
Questions: "text":"Where did Venus and Serena first face off in a Grand Slam final?
Questions: "text":"What team had the first player to reach 10 home runs this season?
Questions: "text":"Which of these events has NOT had a teenage champion?
Questions: "text":"Before Grant Williams, who was the last back-to-back SEC men’s basketball player of the year?
Questions: "text":"This offseason, which NFL team lost its leading receiver in terms of yardage for this past season?
Questions: "text":"In what Division I sport has a single college won the last four consecutive national championships?
Questions: "text":"The Blackstreet lyric “I like the way you work it” is from what iconic song?
Questions: "text":"Beyoncé rose to fame as a member of what ’90s group?
Questions: "text":"The Danish pop group Aqua is known for its smash hit with what lyrics?
Questions: "text":"The singer of “You Oughta Know” is also famous for which other hit?
Questions: "text":"“Soy un perdedor” is a key lyric in a hit by whom?
Questions: "text":"Which of these actions reportedly got Nirvana thrown out of their own record release party?
Questions: "text":"Which of these does Alicia Silverstone NOT do in the “Cryin’” music video?
Questions: "text":"Which of these ’90s pop groups was originally called Touch?
Questions: "text":"Adam Yauch famously stormed the MTV Video Music Awards stage after what video was snubbed?
Questions: "text":"Which of these ’90s trends does Gwen Stefani NOT rock in the “Don’t Speak” music video?
Questions: "text":"Which group was once described by “NME” magazine as “a lily-livered excuse for a rock band”?
Questions: "text":"Which beverage does Semisonic advise finishing in the hit song “Closing Time”?
Questions: "text":"According to the lyrics of Right Said Fred’s hit song, what is the singer too sexy for?
Questions: "text":"Which music video’s concept was originally pitched for Britney Spears’ “...Baby One More Time”?
Questions: "text":"TLC’s massive 1999 hit about undesirable partners mentions which type of brand of goods?
Questions: "text":"Where would you typically find the apex of something?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a process that yields butter?
Questions: "text":"Jazzercise is best described as what type of workout?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of this character?
Questions: "text":"Which famous highway contains long stretches without a speed limit?
Questions: "text":"What was the username of the early infamous YouTube “vlog” account that was revealed to be staged?
Questions: "text":"In the 1980s, Macintosh print menu screens featured what kind of hybrid animal?
Questions: "text":"Kathmandu is the capital of which place?
Questions: "text":"The designer of this building also designed which of these?
Questions: "text":"Which of these US presidents shares a name with a Pulitzer Prize-winning composer?
Questions: "text":"Which queen has Helen Mirren NOT played?
Questions: "text":"Whose song did Sarah Jessica Parker perform during her “Glee” appearances?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of the tattoo on Little Pete’s arm on “The Adventures of Pete & Pete”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a “Legends of the Hidden Temple” team name?
Questions: "text":"What is Clarissa’s last name on “Clarissa Explains It All”?
Questions: "text":"What is an official name of this formidable final stage from a hit Nick game show?
Questions: "text":"How does Rocko describe “laundry day” at the end of this scene?
Questions: "text":"According to Marc Summers, which of these was in the original recipe for green slime?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT one of Alex Mack’s superpowers on “The Secret World of Alex Mack”?
Questions: "text":"The star of what film once appeared on an episode of “Are You Afraid of the Dark”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these was NOT a recurring sketch on “All That”?
Questions: "text":"When Sponge competes in a trivia contest on “Salute Your Shorts,” what is the final winning question about?
Questions: "text":"Which of these animated shows debuted on Nickelodeon first?
Questions: "text":"Of these members of the Midnight Society, who told the most stories on “Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Questions: "text":"According to the show’s creator, “Hey Arnold!” is set in what geographical area?
Questions: "text":"Which pair of Nicktoons characters was voiced by the same actor?
Questions: "text":"This classic Nick song repeatedly refers to works by which performer?
Questions: "text":"Small Holiday?
Questions: "text":"Marc Summers’ Question","answer":["WHAT","WOULD","YOU","DO?
Questions: "text":"Who is the current reigning monarch of the United Kingdom?
Questions: "text":"“El doctor” is Spanish for what?
Questions: "text":"Which African nation shares a border with Egypt?
Questions: "text":"Which of these puzzles is NOT typically played on a square grid with rows and columns?
Questions: "text":"What is a key ingredient in the Canadian dish poutine?
Questions: "text":"How does the Ed Sheeran lyric “I’m in love with the shape of you, we push and pull” end?
Questions: "text":"Which film series has the most theatrically released titles?
Questions: "text":"Which university’s mascot is a rodent?
Questions: "text":"The only US president elected in an odd-numbered year served with which vice president?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT the title of a classic heavy metal album?
Questions: "text":"What is the capital of the European country with the longest coastline?
Questions: "text":"Who is the only athlete to score a touchdown in the NFL and hit an MLB home run in the same week?
Questions: "text":"In what medium was this story first told?
Questions: "text":"Which of these US cities was most recently demoted from being its state’s capital?
Questions: "text":"Which classic cartoon character was NOT originally voiced by the same person as the other two?
Questions: "text":"Why Do You Sound So Funny?
Questions: "text":"What kind of life-form is the cartoon character Garfield?
Questions: "text":"British comedian Rowan Atkinson is famous for playing what character?
Questions: "text":"In math, what is one way to write “x over y?
Questions: "text":"Wikipedia is named in part for the Hawaiian word for what?
Questions: "text":"What does “benighted” mean?
Questions: "text":"Which fact about Earth makes it unique in our solar system?
Questions: "text":"Which ocean journey was made much shorter by the Panama Canal?
Questions: "text":"What 19th-century industry was revolutionized by Englishman Henry Bessemer?
Questions: "text":"When put in all-caps, which of these synonyms for failures is a measurement of computing performance?
Questions: "text":"Which of these state capitals is NOT located on the Mississippi River?
Questions: "text":"What 1982 “Pac-Man” follow-up had a video screen mounted above a small pinball table?
Questions: "text":"In physics and electrical engineering, the Hertz unit is used to measure what?
Questions: "text":"Maya Angelou got her first book deal thanks to a dinner party she attended with what fellow writer?
Questions: "text":"What is the capital of the nation that only borders both the largest country and the most populous country?
Questions: "text":"Who made a cameo in a “Weird Al” Yankovic music video parodying their own song?
Questions: "text":"Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego?
Questions: "text":"Rock & Roll Jeopardy","answer":["WHAT","IS","THIS","SONG?
Questions: "text":"Who Wants to Be Millionaire?
Questions: "text":"In the Bible, Noah’s Ark was loaded with two of every what?
Questions: "text":"According to the Book of Matthew, who “shall inherit the earth”?
Questions: "text":"The three gifts of the Magi included gold, frankincense, and what?
Questions: "text":"What word is traditionally used to describe Jesus’ apostle Thomas?
Questions: "text":"The shortest verse of the English-language King James Bible is what two-word phrase?
Questions: "text":"Which of these food-related items is NOT the subject of one of Jesus’ parables?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Biblical figures had a sister?
Questions: "text":"The Good Samaritan was traveling to what city in the Biblical parable?
Questions: "text":"According to the Book of Exodus, which of these ten plagues of Egypt occurred first?
Questions: "text":"The New Testament Gospels mention two separate miracles of Jesus that both involve what?
Questions: "text":"In the Gospels, which of these women is witness to Christ’s empty tomb?
Questions: "text":"Which of these creatures is NOT mentioned in the Book of Job?
Questions: "text":"The Israelites entered the Promised Land after Joshua parted what body of water?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is one of the four faces of a cherub, according to the Bible’s Book of Ezekiel?
Questions: "text":"Which of these expressions is originally from the Bible?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of a line of incredibly popular ’90s toy animals?
Questions: "text":"Suzanne Somers famously hawked what ’90s exercise item?
Questions: "text":"The sharing service Napster was primarily for downloading what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these popular ’90s jeans brands has a triangle logo?
Questions: "text":"Guess?
Questions: "text":"Which of these was a flavor of Sodalicious fruit snacks?
Questions: "text":"In 1995, John F. Kennedy Jr. started a magazine named for whom?
Questions: "text":"Which of these were part of the “Basic 4” ingredients in the cereal of the same name?
Questions: "text":"Which of these ’90s supermodels was NOT part of the famous “don’t wake up for less than 10K” quote?
Questions: "text":"Which of these boy bands has a song that starts with the lyrics, “Here it comes, millennium”?
Questions: "text":"The Windows 95 Video Guide featured stars from which TV show?
Questions: "text":"What film won the Best Picture Oscar the year Nicole Kidman wore this on the red carpet?
Questions: "text":"This dog was the mascot for what kind of company?
Questions: "text":"What happened to Julia Roberts before filming her big love scene in “Pretty Woman”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT one of the original levels in “Ecco the Dolphin”?
Questions: "text":"In the last narrative episode of “Home Improvement,” what type of transportation is mentioned in the final scene?
Questions: "text":"Christmas Movie Debate","answer":["HOME","ALONE","ONE","OR","TWO?
Questions: "text":"What is the nickname given to the player chosen last in the NFL Draft?
Questions: "text":"Who traditionally announces the picks in the first round of the draft?
Questions: "text":"What was the most recent year a defending Heisman Trophy winner was chosen No. 1 overall?
Questions: "text":"Which of these teams were part of a trade that involved the greatest number of picks ever?
Questions: "text":"Compared to the current system, how many rounds were there in the first NFL draft?
Questions: "text":"After quarterback, what position has been chosen No. 1 overall the greatest number of times?
Questions: "text":"Which star player fell the furthest from expected draft position on draft day?
Questions: "text":"What happens if a team does not physically turn in its pick on time?
Questions: "text":"By round, which QB was drafted latest?
Questions: "text":"Which of these teams did NOT pick first in both the NFL and AFL drafts?
Questions: "text":"Which of these schools has provided the greatest number of No. 1 overall picks?
Questions: "text":"What team is NOT tied for the most No. 1 overall picks in NFL draft history?
Questions: "text":"Rihanna has a small role in what movie about a big boat?
Questions: "text":"What time-traveling end-of-the-world movie stars Brad Pitt?
Questions: "text":"“Knowing” stars which actor as a professor of astrophysics at MIT?
Questions: "text":"This clip is from a classic movie starring whom?
Questions: "text":"Which of these movies is NOT about a post-apocalyptic world?
Questions: "text":"Which of these actors has starred in multiple movies about the world freezing over?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT one of the stated rules for survival in “Zombieland”?
Questions: "text":"In which movie do astronauts try to blow up the giant space rock threatening Earth with nuclear weapons?
Questions: "text":"According to the writer of “Independence Day,” the computer virus that defeated the aliens was what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these films is based on a concept known as “crust displacement theory”?
Questions: "text":"When Wall-E is launched into space, what is the last bit of debris to fall away from the spacecraft?
Questions: "text":"What does the ape say to Charlton Heston right before this moment?
Questions: "text":"The actor famous for what role played two completely different characters in “Mars Attacks!”?
Questions: "text":"What is Kevin Costner’s character’s name in “The Postman”?
Questions: "text":"What are the final spoken words in “Deep Impact”?
Questions: "text":"Which is a doctor who focuses on the heart?
Questions: "text":"Which is the title of an opera by Mozart?
Questions: "text":"What is the winner of a presidential election called prior to their inauguration?
Questions: "text":"When discussing old TV sets, what does CRT stand for?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Prince albums was a two-disc release?
Questions: "text":"What is NOT a sanitized curse heard in the TV edit of “Snakes on a Plane”?
Questions: "text":"What is the most-represented position among Baseball Hall of Fame inductees?
Questions: "text":"What did Pythagoras forbid his students from eating?
Questions: "text":"EpiPens contain epinephrine, which is also known as what?
Questions: "text":"What classic graphic novel was written and drawn by the co-creator of Garbage Pail Kids?
Questions: "text":"Which is the capital of a nation that borders both Guinea and Côte D’Ivoire?
Questions: "text":"Which of these animals is crepuscular?
Questions: "text":"Launched in 1994, the Game Show Network has featured which of these programs?
Questions: "text":"What’s My Line?
Questions: "text":"“Hollywood Squares” was a star-studded simulation of what classic game?
Questions: "text":"What ’80s MTV game show helped launch the career of Adam Sandler?
Questions: "text":"Which show does NOT involve guessing the outcomes of surveys?
Questions: "text":"One cast member on “Deal or No Deal” was a future member of what celebrity family?
Questions: "text":"A large-scale version of what gambling equipment was used in “The Joker’s Wild”?
Questions: "text":"On the US version of “The Weakest Link,” what happened to contestants after they were eliminated?
Questions: "text":"What answer prompted this reaction from Steve Harvey on “Family Feud”?
Questions: "text":"What is the day job of the “Jeopardy!” record holder for most winnings in a day?
Questions: "text":"Which early-2000s game show subjected contestants to both severely hot and cold temperatures?
Questions: "text":"Which game show was at the center of the cheating scandal chronicled in the movie “Quiz Show”?
Questions: "text":"What game show inspired a “Simpsons” episode by having to give away an elephant when the contestant insisted on it?
Questions: "text":"What ’70s show used a concept similar to “The Newlywed Game,” but with celebrity couples?
Questions: "text":"The first-ever $1 million winning question on “Who Wants to be a Millionaire” did NOT relate to which topic?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is the same as when “Wheel of Fortune” premiered in 1975?
Questions: "text":"Funny Question","answer":["WHAT’S","MY","LINE?
Questions: "text":"What is the term for the defensive strategy displayed by Oregon’s Dillon Brooks in this clip?
Questions: "text":"Who has scored the most points in an NBA playoff game so far this year?
Questions: "text":"Which of these teams took down the highest seed so far in this year’s Stanley Cup playoffs?
Questions: "text":"The woman who has the NCAA record for career triple doubles plays for what school?
Questions: "text":"The 2018 MLB leader in hits plays the majority of his games at what position?
Questions: "text":"Who has won the most golf majors after trailing when entering the final round?
Questions: "text":"What NBA career record does the Golden State Warriors head coach hold?
Questions: "text":"Where is the only active MLB stadium to have hosted Jackie Robinson in a regular-season game?
Questions: "text":"In which category did James Harden NOT lead the NBA in the 2018-2019 regular season?
Questions: "text":"What team currently holds the largest divisional lead in MLB?
Questions: "text":"In what playoff round did Michael Jordan’s moment known as “The Shot” take place?
Questions: "text":"Which of these boxers was once an undisputed heavyweight champion?
Questions: "text":"What is the subtitle of the upcoming “Spider-Man” film?
Questions: "text":"In the “Avengers: Endgame” trailer, who is in space?
Questions: "text":"What Marvel hero is at one point brought to tears while reading the YA novel “The Fault in Our Stars”?
Questions: "text":"Who is Spider-Man talking to in this clip from “Avengers: Infinity War”?
Questions: "text":"Of these three actresses, who was the first to appear onscreen as a Marvel villain?
Questions: "text":"In “Spider-Man: Homecoming,” Spidey has a crime-stopping montage set to a song by which group?
Questions: "text":"In “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2,” Yondu is compared to a fictional character famous for what song?
Questions: "text":"A joke about what finally causes Wong to chuckle in “Doctor Strange”?
Questions: "text":"What was Hawkeye supposed to be doing with his kids instead of helping Wanda in “Captain America: Civil War”?
Questions: "text":"The director of “Avengers: Age of Ultron” really wanted which character to meet their demise?
Questions: "text":"Which of these things is NOT included in Steve Rogers’ handwritten “catch up” list?
Questions: "text":"“Iron Man 3” added scenes specifically for China featuring a character with what job?
Questions: "text":"Which of these words did the “Black Panther” costume designer keep on her vision board?
Questions: "text":"What does Thomas the Tank Engine say in “Ant-Man”?
Questions: "text":"Easter Egg Layer?
Questions: "text":"In a real estate listing, which of these is most likely to be listed as an “amenity”?
Questions: "text":"By definition, the winner of a contest does which of these things?
Questions: "text":"Who was president of the US between Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan?
Questions: "text":"The Oscar-winning actor from which film was recently announced as a “Bond” villain?
Questions: "text":"What puppeteer created this ad?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT one of the races in the US Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing?
Questions: "text":"What national emblem is most likely to appear on bags of “all-dressed” potato chips?
Questions: "text":"Which of these countries has a Red Sea coast?
Questions: "text":"The author of “A Series of Unfortunate Events” dedicated every volume to whom?
Questions: "text":"What shape is the die that gamers call a D12?
Questions: "text":"What industry was rocked by the so-called “rural purge” of the early ’70s?
Questions: "text":"What ailment would an otolaryngologist NOT treat?
Questions: "text":"What is James Bond’s traditional drink of choice?
Questions: "text":"Which cartoon character is a canine?
Questions: "text":"Which of the following is a piece of technology specific to the “Star Trek” universe?
Questions: "text":"Which Australian artist’s name includes an Aboriginal word for “boomerang”?
Questions: "text":"What part of Earth is at the center of the flag of the United Nations?
Questions: "text":"This is the cover art to an album by whom?
Questions: "text":"Which award is NOT named after a piece of equipment?
Questions: "text":"Which country airs a local version of “Sesame Street” that stars Zobi, the Yam Monster?
Questions: "text":"What cereal is advertised in this clip?
Questions: "text":"What landmark was damaged in the 1916 military attack known as the “Black Tom” explosion?
Questions: "text":"In which layer of Earth’s atmosphere do we typically breathe?
Questions: "text":"What Microsoft-published game series was originally an Apple project approved by Steve Jobs?
Questions: "text":"Which continent contains the most OPEC member countries?
Questions: "text":"A street bordering the Mall of America is named for what baseball player?
Questions: "text":"In 2017, what did Volkswagen sell more of than cars?
Questions: "text":"What language does Taylor Swift speak at the start of her brand new video for “ME!”?
Questions: "text":"What film series is this famous line from?
Questions: "text":"What fruit are prunes made from?
Questions: "text":"What word can mean either “a location” or “to see”?
Questions: "text":"Which rapper does NOT share a verse with the other two in the Usher song “Yeah!”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is part of human anatomy?
Questions: "text":"Which alloy is mostly composed of tin?
Questions: "text":"Which Ivy League university is farthest south?
Questions: "text":"What classic novel’s author shares their name with the restaurant over the bar on the TV show “Cheers”?
Questions: "text":"Who was NOT a villain on the 1960s “Batman” TV series?
Questions: "text":"Which of these countries is NOT currently considered a Commonwealth realm?
Questions: "text":"Which of these musicals won the Tony Award for Best Musical most recently?
Questions: "text":"The Olympic Games boycotted by dozens of African nations were held where?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a derivative of a substance used to treat psoriasis?
Questions: "text":"Who composed the musical passage heard at the start of the arcade game “Mario Bros.”?
Questions: "text":"Why Isn’t Grandma Paying Attention?
Questions: "text":"Which queen ruled over the United Kingdom during the Victorian era?
Questions: "text":"What color is the stitching on modern-day MLB baseballs?
Questions: "text":"Which word is a synonym for “parsimonious”?
Questions: "text":"Which type of pasta has a screw-like shape?
Questions: "text":"What author once wrote the line, “Elementary, my dear Watson”?
Questions: "text":"What US state has a seal that depicts the shape of the state itself in its design?
Questions: "text":"The Lone Ranger’s horse is named for an element with what chemical symbol?
Questions: "text":"One of the only unhyphenated common English words with three consecutive double letters means what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT a chapter title in “The Lord of the Rings” books?
Questions: "text":"The world’s second-most populated island is part of what country?
Questions: "text":"What classic rock song has “Weird Al” Yankovic recorded in its entirety, but as a polka?
Questions: "text":"One can walk from Cameroon to Libya only passing through what other country?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Roy Lichtenstein paintings is NOT based on a comic book panel?
Questions: "text":"“Dingdong” is the name of a prominent academic theory regarding what?
Questions: "text":"Sue the Work Week?
Questions: "text":"Weightlifter’s Case","answer":["HOW","MUCH","CAN","YOU","BENCH","TRIAL?
Questions: "text":"Helen Parr is better known by what superhero name?
Questions: "text":"According to the Blue Fairy, Pinocchio is a “little puppet made of” what?
Questions: "text":"In which of these Disney films is the hero a redhead?
Questions: "text":"A talking turkey character was cut from which Disney film?
Questions: "text":"In “Finding Nemo,” why does Marlin “know funny”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these does NOT appear in the source material for “Frozen”?
Questions: "text":"What fictional arcade game does Wreck-It Ralph come from?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Disney heroes faces off against Professor Ratigan?
Questions: "text":"Which Disney hero sings music by the same composer who created “Hamilton”?
Questions: "text":"In their first scene together, Peter Pan rudely cuts off Wendy when she is talking about what?
Questions: "text":"“If you can’t say something nice, don’t say nothin’ at all” is what Thumper says after insulting Bambi’s what?
Questions: "text":"What sweet treat does Stitch make for Lilo in their first film?
Questions: "text":"Which “Toy Story” scene did Tom Hanks ad-lib for Woody?
Questions: "text":"When Baymax is activated in Hiro’s shared bedroom, what ailment does he help with first?
Questions: "text":"Which actor voiced a “Frozen” character who was originally supposed to be a villain?
Questions: "text":"What is Goofy’s final destination for his road trip with Max in “A Goofy Movie”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these accessories is Tiana NOT wearing when she kisses the frog?
Questions: "text":"The Disney paint lab named a special color after Ariel’s what?
Questions: "text":"Who gets a kiss from Mulan at the end of “Mulan”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Disney princes was portrayed by the youngest voice actor at the time of recording?
Questions: "text":"In their opening number, where do Robin Hood and Little John NOT try to hide from the bad guys?
Questions: "text":"Before Scar tells young Simba about the elephant graveyard, which line does he roll his eyes at?
Questions: "text":"Guess what?
Questions: "text":"The voice actor behind Hercules played a parent in which of these teen soaps?
Questions: "text":"Which of these nicknames was given to MLB’s first 700-home run man?
Questions: "text":"For the past two years, the No. 1 overall NFL Draft pick has come from what school?
Questions: "text":"Which soccer player just reached the 100-goal mark with the US Women’s National Team?
Questions: "text":"What player joined his father and brother as a first-round NFL Draft pick last week?
Questions: "text":"Rhys Hoskins’s home run against Jacob Rhame last week set what Statcast-era record?
Questions: "text":"Which of these NBA franchises has NOT upset a 1-seed in the first round of the playoffs?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT one of the two NHL franchises to have won four straight Stanley Cups in the past 70 years?
Questions: "text":"Who is the player seen here, winning men's Wimbledon after a tiebreaker?
Questions: "text":"What is the only school to have two tight ends picked in the first round of the NFL Draft?
Questions: "text":"What NBA center had the highest single-season assists per game rate since Wilt Chamberlain?
Questions: "text":"Which team has the greatest number of players on this year’s Premier League Team of the Year?
Questions: "text":"Which player currently leads MLB in wins above replacement?
Questions: "text":"The “Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles” theme song lyrics celebrated what?
Questions: "text":"Who is shown playing the sax in the “Animaniacs” opening credits?
Questions: "text":"Which TV show had a theme song with rhyming lyrics about “a two-way twister”?
Questions: "text":"This is the theme song to what show?
Questions: "text":"Which of these phrases is part of the “Hey Dude” theme song?
Questions: "text":"According to its composer, the “dun-dun” of the “Law & Order” theme song is supposed to evoke what?
Questions: "text":"The original \"Muppet Babies\" opening credits features an homage to which classic character?
Questions: "text":"Which TV sitcom originally had a Louis Armstrong song as its theme?
Questions: "text":"According to their show’s theme song lyrics, which character was “much too cool for seventh grade”?
Questions: "text":"What kind of activity does NOT appear during the “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt” opening credits?
Questions: "text":"Which of these streaming TV series shows exploding luxury goods during its opening credits?
Questions: "text":"“Open up the dirty window, let the sun illuminate the words that you could not find” are lyrics to what TV theme?
Questions: "text":"This TV theme song accompanied a show about what?
Questions: "text":"What type of tales are NOT mentioned in the lyrics to the “Ducktales” theme song?
Questions: "text":"What is the official name of this theme song?
Questions: "text":"Wonder-Ful Request?
Questions: "text":"What’s Up?
Questions: "text":"The BBC is a public broadcasting company from where?
Questions: "text":"What would you likely call your first cousin’s mother?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a category in the Tony Awards?
Questions: "text":"Puerto Rico’s Playa Negra is a beach best known for what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these stadiums hosted Major League Baseball games most recently?
Questions: "text":"What kind of aquatic animal makes sea silk?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Jewish holidays occurs earliest in the secular calendar year?
Questions: "text":"Before Julius Caesar, what was the Ides of March known for in Roman culture?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT a former translated name of Eastern Europe’s Black Sea?
Questions: "text":"Which of these expressions comes from a religious ritual involving a real animal?
Questions: "text":"What word refers to both a disguised way of writing and a continuous pipe organ sound?
Questions: "text":"Which of these US military decorations is only awarded for heroism outside the context of combat?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is true about the upcoming “Sonic the Hedgehog” movie?
Questions: "text":"The letters “He” represent the chemical symbol for what?
Questions: "text":"Complete the iconic ’90s hip-hop lyric: “I wish I was a little bit taller, I wish I was” what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these places is farthest north?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a variety of tomato?
Questions: "text":"What rival said Thomas Edison “lived in utter disregard of the most elementary rules of hygiene”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a cross between a male horse and a female donkey?
Questions: "text":"What did Doc Brown say he was doing right before he invented the flux capacitor?
Questions: "text":"Which of these terms means a musical piece should be played at a moderately slow tempo?
Questions: "text":"Which planet in the solar system reaches the coldest surface temperature?
Questions: "text":"Will Smith’s No. 1 soundtrack hit from 1999 samples a song by the artist famous for what other song?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a perfect anagram of a US state?
Questions: "text":"Which of these modern-day countries was NOT part of the 19th-century land known as New Granada?
Questions: "text":"The Dandie Dinmont Terrier is named for a character created by the author of which of these?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is in the title of a real “Berenstain Bears” book?
Questions: "text":"Country Capital?
Questions: "text":"Who is this singer?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of the first Korean act nominated for Top Duo/Group at the Billboard Music Awards?
Questions: "text":"The host of this year’s Billboard Music Awards famously sings what song?
Questions: "text":"What city is commonly referred to as “The Six” by Drake?
Questions: "text":"Tyler Hubbard and Brian Kelley make up what band?
Questions: "text":"What animal is Travis Scott seen with in his “Sicko Mode” music video?
Questions: "text":"What do Post Malone’s tattoos under his eyes say?
Questions: "text":"Which of these country artists has by far the most Billboard Music Awards?
Questions: "text":"The singer of “Boo’d Up” originally appeared on what reality show?
Questions: "text":"The artist with the most Billboard nominations tonight famously beefed with who?
Questions: "text":"The lead singer of what band once worked as a writer’s assistant on “Judging Amy”?
Questions: "text":"At the beginning of Taylor Swift’s newest music video, what holiday is she celebrating?
Questions: "text":"What nickname did NBA Hall of Fame forward Julius Erving go by?
Questions: "text":"Which of these horses currently has the best odds to win the 2019 Kentucky Derby?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is always considered a major penalty in ice hockey?
Questions: "text":"The MLB mascot who rides down a slide after home runs cheers for what city’s team?
Questions: "text":"Which of these golf associations features more “major” tournaments?
Questions: "text":"Which Triple Crown race debuted first?
Questions: "text":"Before the NHL’s Jets returned to Winnipeg in 2011, where did the franchise play?
Questions: "text":"Who is the only black men’s tennis player to win the US Open, Australian Open, and Wimbledon?
Questions: "text":"The player with the highest career batting average in MLB history primarily played what position?
Questions: "text":"Which QB was NOT one of two to agree to say “I’m going to Disneyworld!” after Super Bowl XXI?
Questions: "text":"Who is the only person to win an NCAA tournament title as a coach and player with the same school?
Questions: "text":"What golfer has the most PGA Tour wins, including majors and non-majors?
Questions: "text":"What Are You Listening To?
Questions: "text":"Which of these artists arrived on stage for tonight’s Billboard Music Awards via umbrella?
Questions: "text":"Who was the 16th president of the United States?
Questions: "text":"At the start of the Billboard Music Awards, which of these groups was featured by being seated in the front row?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is farthest south?
Questions: "text":"At the BBMAs, which song was part of the announcement for Top Rock Artist nominees?
Questions: "text":"According to World Atlas, what continent is home to the world’s second-longest river?
Questions: "text":"What is the correct term for a baby alligator?
Questions: "text":"Which of these planets has no moons?
Questions: "text":"Which of these songs is NOT sung by Gwen Stefani?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT a member of the daisy family of plants?
Questions: "text":"By definition, a person who is experiencing deglutition is doing what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Jane Austen novels was published first?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a word for a group of apes?
Questions: "text":"The last season of “The Real World” to be broadcast on MTV was set in which city?
Questions: "text":"Which Oscar-winning film by the Coen Brothers traces its title to the poetry of WB Yeats?
Questions: "text":"Whose opening number at the Billboard Music Awards has been criticized for being too similar to Beyoncé?
Questions: "text":"The official motto of the United States is “In God We” what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these casino games is traditionally played with dice?
Questions: "text":"Where is human life believed to have begun?
Questions: "text":"A high school in New Jersey recently made headlines for staging what horror film as its spring play?
Questions: "text":"In the 19th century, where would you have most likely seen a cuspidor?
Questions: "text":"The “New York Times” publishes its most difficult crossword on which day of the week?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a brand of cough drop?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT one of the six Celtic nations?
Questions: "text":"Who performs the song played right after the Boston Red Sox win a home game?
Questions: "text":"What nation is this island part of?
Questions: "text":"DC Comics is named after the comic book in which what superhero first appeared?
Questions: "text":"At the beginning of the first “Shrek” film, where is Shrek living?
Questions: "text":"Princess Fiona is voiced by which actress?
Questions: "text":"Who does Shrek yell at when we’re first introduced to him?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Smash Mouth songs is NOT on the “Shrek” soundtrack?
Questions: "text":"In “Shrek 2,” what warrants the famous quote, “Enough, Reggie!”?
Questions: "text":"The actor who voices this character was a star on what popular sitcom?
Questions: "text":"Who first angrily says “Donkey!” in “Shrek”?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of the “Cops” homage in “Shrek 2”?
Questions: "text":"What does Puss in Boots first say in Spanish to Shrek?
Questions: "text":"Que?
Questions: "text":"Which of Shrek’s grooming rituals did the film’s special effects team try for themselves?
Questions: "text":"What physical attribute does Donkey compliment to win over the Dragon in “Shrek”?
Questions: "text":"During the Gingerbread Man’s life flashback scene in “Shrek 3,” what do we NOT see Gingy doing?
Questions: "text":"Animators from which film were sent to work on Shrek as “punishment”?
Questions: "text":"What does Shrek say after seeing Fiona as an ogre for the first time?
Questions: "text":"Why didn’t you tell me?
Questions: "text":"What is the final line of “Shrek the Third”?
Questions: "text":"Happily ever after?
Questions: "text":"What band just released their first album in nearly six years?
Questions: "text":"Which of these does NOT help an audience understand a film in a different language?
Questions: "text":"Which of these famous works of art is a painting?
Questions: "text":"What slogan historically appears at the bottom of this flag?
Questions: "text":"“Snape kills Dumbledore” was a controversial spoiler of what “Harry Potter” book?
Questions: "text":"According to an old saying, oysters should only be eaten in months with what letter in the name?
Questions: "text":"Who once appeared on a “Star Trek” episode as a holographic image of themself?
Questions: "text":"The “Mendoza Line” is a term from what discipline?
Questions: "text":"What animal is Indiana Jones’s father afraid of?
Questions: "text":"What software was this game bundled with?
Questions: "text":"Which Beatles song does NOT make reference to an earlier Beatles song?
Questions: "text":"The Prime Meridian meets the Equator in what gulf?
Questions: "text":"What term refers to someone who hides their religious beliefs?
Questions: "text":"The author who created the land of Oz also wrote a pioneering book about what?
Questions: "text":"Close Relative?
Questions: "text":"Dangerous Outfit?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of the Olympic sport that involves heaving a metal ball forward?
Questions: "text":"What Triple Crown race happens last in the calendar year?
Questions: "text":"What NBA player just announced he’s coming back for a 22nd season?
Questions: "text":"Which baseball statistic incorporates the total number of bases a hitter attains per at-bat?
Questions: "text":"Which position is NOT considered a “defensive back” in football?
Questions: "text":"What horse set a record for largest margin of victory in a Triple Crown race?
Questions: "text":"In the 2001 finals, Allen Iverson memorably buried a jumper and then stepped over what player?
Questions: "text":"Which of these figure skaters won an individual gold medal at the Olympics?
Questions: "text":"Which of these teams is one of three tied for the best odds for the top pick in the next NBA Draft lottery?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT a distance of 10 yards in NFL football?
Questions: "text":"What team did this year’s top NHL assist man play for?
Questions: "text":"Which of these teams has won the Premier League since its official formation in 1992?
Questions: "text":"What player has the longest active streak of consecutive starts at quarterback?
Questions: "text":"Who is the only active player with multiple Conn Smythe Trophies?
Questions: "text":"Who is the only player to hit at least 50 home runs and have fewer than 50 strikeouts in a season?
Questions: "text":"The opening crawl of “Star Wars: Episode VII” begins, “Luke Skywalker has” what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these terms is now officially a word in the Scrabble dictionary?
Questions: "text":"Where is a barrette typically worn?
Questions: "text":"Which of these dishes is from Greek cuisine?
Questions: "text":"Which sport has NOT been played at the Olympics in the last 10 years?
Questions: "text":"The actor of which “Doctor Who” incarnation has won an Oscar?
Questions: "text":"Which of these continents spans the greatest number of hemispheres?
Questions: "text":"Who was the first US president to be president over 50 states?
Questions: "text":"Which of these terms refers to an ancient equivalent of battle rapping?
Questions: "text":"The pop culture concept that 90 percent of everything is lousy is named for whom?
Questions: "text":"Which of these was NOT a previous name for presidential aircraft Air Force One?
Questions: "text":"Of these Shakespeare plays, which is entirely ghost-free?
Questions: "text":"What chemical element has an alternative name given in honor of the United States?
Questions: "text":"What US state’s commemorative quarter does NOT depict a bird?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of the human protagonist in much of the TV show “Pokémon”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Pokémon is known for their beautiful singing?
Questions: "text":"What ability does Ditto have?
Questions: "text":"What do Clefairy’s wings do?
Questions: "text":"Which Pokémon was once able to change gender when evolving?
Questions: "text":"Drowzee is based on what kind of animal?
Questions: "text":"Which of these moves is known as “hop” in Japan?
Questions: "text":"Which of these action heroes does NOT have a Pokémon based on them?
Questions: "text":"A Pokémon from the Ice category strongly resembles what frozen dessert?
Questions: "text":"What fossil inspired Dr. Oak to become a professor?
Questions: "text":"How does one qualify to challenge the Elite Four?
Questions: "text":"What was part of Charizard’s original design?
Questions: "text":"A recently discovered natural protein was named after Pikachu due to which of its qualities?
Questions: "text":"What is the term “Pokémon” short for?
Questions: "text":"What color line marks the separation of the attacking zone and the neutral zone in hockey?
Questions: "text":"When a baseball pitch is thrown, which of these players is generally facing a different direction than the others?
Questions: "text":"At the scouting combine, what distance measures a potential NFL player’s sprint speed?
Questions: "text":"What player currently leads the 2019 NBA playoffs in dunks?
Questions: "text":"According to the National Dodgeball League, which of these is permitted during a game?
Questions: "text":"Who is currently the highest paid player in the NFL?
Questions: "text":"The NBA player with the highest points per game average this postseason plays for what team?
Questions: "text":"Who was the NHL’s youngest player with a 100-point season?
Questions: "text":"Which foul gives an NBA team the chance to score the greatest amount of points without losing possession?
Questions: "text":"The only female speed skater to win 500m gold in three straight Olympics competed for what nation?
Questions: "text":"Who is the only active pitcher to homer and throw a complete game in a 1-0 win?
Questions: "text":"Which of these golfers spent a full calendar year as the world’s No. 1-ranked player?
Questions: "text":"What song does Marty play for the students at the 1950s prom?
Questions: "text":"Where do Marty and Doc go in “Back to the Future Part III”?
Questions: "text":"In the first film, Marty McFly famously often wears what outerwear?
Questions: "text":"In “Back to the Future Part II,” what surface does Marty’s hoverboard stall out on?
Questions: "text":"In Marty’s photograph of his siblings, who is wearing jorts?
Questions: "text":"Which baseball team did “Back to the Future” predict would win the 2015 World Series?
Questions: "text":"The actor of which of these roles was NOT replaced in “Back to the Future Part II”?
Questions: "text":"Which role in “Titanic” was played by an actor with a small role in “Back to the Future”?
Questions: "text":"What is Doc’s response when Marty McFly finally exclaims, “Great Scott!”?
Questions: "text":"The star of what movie franchise made their film debut in “Back to the Future Part II”?
Questions: "text":"How does Marty end this sentence?
Questions: "text":"What “USA Today” headline does Marty’s son earn in the second film?
Questions: "text":"In the start of the first film, old George McFly laughs hysterically at a TV show starring whom?
Questions: "text":"Biff Tannen was NOT shown to have married the star of which classic film?
Questions: "text":"What does Doc Brown exclaim after Einstein first time travels?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is considered formal attire?
Questions: "text":"At what event was this photo taken yesterday?
Questions: "text":"Which of these has a free-throw line?
Questions: "text":"What US president held that office immediately after this president?
Questions: "text":"Which of these words is a synonym for “astute”?
Questions: "text":"What was this hit arcade game based on?
Questions: "text":"What animal does beluga caviar come from?
Questions: "text":"What TV show’s theme song is also known as “Iron John’s Rock”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these famous math problems has NOT been solved?
Questions: "text":"Which country has the longest combined land border with other countries?
Questions: "text":"Which band has NOT had a drummer named Alan White?
Questions: "text":"The “New York Times” once printed a crossword with two possible solutions on what occasion?
Questions: "text":"How would you ask for the bill in Italian?
Questions: "text":"Which of these words is part of the US government acronym TSA?
Questions: "text":"Which of these colors could be described as bluish?
Questions: "text":"Which of these terms does NOT refer to a real bird species?
Questions: "text":"If you’re facing the bow of a boat and standing on its rear left side, where are you standing?
Questions: "text":"Which of these people would typically have the most lanugo?
Questions: "text":"The actor who portrayed Mr. Bean voiced the role of what in a Disney film?
Questions: "text":"Which set of US presidents have descendants who are married to each other?
Questions: "text":"What fashion designer famously told his young son that his dinosaur shoes were “tacky”?
Questions: "text":"Four different chemical elements are named for one village in what nation?
Questions: "text":"This work of art is by what artist?
Questions: "text":"The creator of which famous character was NOT part of the famous paranormal group The Ghost Club?
Questions: "text":"Who had multiple elaborate outfit changes on the red carpet at last night’s Met Gala?
Questions: "text":"In “Gone with the Wind,” Scarlett declares that “tomorrow is” what?
Questions: "text":"Which does the US federal government have more of?
Questions: "text":"Which of these grows underground?
Questions: "text":"What breed of dog is this?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a traditional English time to eat?
Questions: "text":"What gender is Blue on “Blue’s Clues”?
Questions: "text":"What are people from Cyprus called?
Questions: "text":"In terms of game theory, which of these games is generally considered “solved”?
Questions: "text":"Who was NOT the lead singer for Van Halen at one point?
Questions: "text":"What can you type into Google on many mobile devices that will provide a working example?
Questions: "text":"The Mazda car company is named for a deity in what religion?
Questions: "text":"Which nation’s flag depicts a traditional headgear of that nation?
Questions: "text":"The Indian city of Chennai shares its former name with with a type of what?
Questions: "text":"In what league are players NOT issued the number that is “the answer” in “Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy”?
Questions: "text":"What’s for Dessert?
Questions: "text":"If a hockey player shoots right-handed, what hand is placed lower on the stick?
Questions: "text":"What kind of pitch is thrown with as little spin as possible?
Questions: "text":"What soccer team just pulled off a massive upset to knock Barcelona out of the Champions League?
Questions: "text":"What NBA player made the highest percentage of his shots from the field this past regular season?
Questions: "text":"What player led the NFL in interceptions thrown last season?
Questions: "text":"What is the only still-existing country outside of Asia to have won a medal in Olympic women’s table tennis?
Questions: "text":"What all-time single-season NBA record did the Houston Rockets’ leading scorer set this year?
Questions: "text":"What fighter has the most wins in UFC history?
Questions: "text":"Who was the only player besides Rickey Henderson to lead the AL in steals in the 1980s?
Questions: "text":"The only player with at least 50 goals and 50 assists this NHL season played for what team?
Questions: "text":"Which of these countries was awarded the Olympic men’s 4x100m relay most recently?
Questions: "text":"Who is NOT one of the top three home-run hitters of our current decade?
Questions: "text":"A viral “leaked” version of the upcoming “Detective Pikachu” film is actually just 100 minutes of what?
Questions: "text":"With which of these places does Russia NOT share a maritime border?
Questions: "text":"In what decade did a divorced person first serve as US president?
Questions: "text":"The album version of which of these Beatles songs features a sitar?
Questions: "text":"Which of these US states is NOT a commonwealth?
Questions: "text":"Which of these pastas is typically the smallest?
Questions: "text":"In Greek legend, who won the beauty pageant judged by Paris that began the Trojan War?
Questions: "text":"Michelangelo’s painting “The Last Judgment” covers which part of the Sistine Chapel?
Questions: "text":"The literary character Winnie-the-Pooh traces his name back to which of these things?
Questions: "text":"What species of human is thought to have lived for the longest stretch of time?
Questions: "text":"After London, what is the most populous city in the United Kingdom?
Questions: "text":"What city is this temple located next to?
Questions: "text":"The Marlo Tilt and the Zarrow Shuffle are famous examples of what?
Questions: "text":"Trashy Place?
Questions: "text":"Google Chrome recently unveiled what new feature for Android?
Questions: "text":"Which steak option should you order if you want the least amount of pink inside?
Questions: "text":"What does the “A” in DNA stand for?
Questions: "text":"Erika Leonard famously wrote what novel?
Questions: "text":"What kind of bird is this?
Questions: "text":"Where is this famous plaza located?
Questions: "text":"Which of these dogs famously exhibits rhotacism?
Questions: "text":"The first-ever “For Dummies” book was about what?
Questions: "text":"Tommy Lee Jones’ character insists on helping out in “Volcano” despite being what?
Questions: "text":"The founder of what video game brand also founded a restaurant chain with a giant rodent as mascot?
Questions: "text":"The composer of “The Nutcracker” called what classical music legend a “conceited mediocrity”?
Questions: "text":"This opening sequence was inspired by a different movie with what musical number?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is the name of a classic card game?
Questions: "text":"Which is one of the combatants in Rock ‘Em Sock ‘Em Robots?
Questions: "text":"What game is this New York skyscraper nicknamed after?
Questions: "text":"Sorry! is closest in format to what other board game?
Questions: "text":"What does tugging on your earlobe indicate in Charades?
Questions: "text":"What is printed on the green cards in Apples to Apples?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT one of the resources in Settlers of Catan?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of this game?
Questions: "text":"Which of these games is designed to be more about cooperation than competition?
Questions: "text":"Toss Across is a skill game based on what older game?
Questions: "text":"What cards are there fewest of in a standard Uno deck?
Questions: "text":"Very early editions of The Game of Life closely resembled what other game’s board?
Questions: "text":"What activity is simulated in the game Pit?
Questions: "text":"Who hosted all four editions of the video game “Hasbro Family Game Night”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT a real-world Monopoly edition?
Questions: "text":"Monopoly Question","answer":["WHO","WANTS","TO","BE","BANKER?
Questions: "text":"Kid’s Crafting Curiosity","answer":["WHAT","DOES","PLAY-DOH","TASTE","LIKE?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a song in the hit musical “Hamilton”?
Questions: "text":"One of The Rock’s WWE catchphrases asked if you could smell what he was what?
Questions: "text":"What is the “Hamilton” musical ticket lottery called?
Questions: "text":"What is The Rock’s character’s job in “Ballers”?
Questions: "text":"King George of “Hamilton” has NOT been portrayed by an original star of which musical?
Questions: "text":"The Rock costars with Julie Andrews in which film?
Questions: "text":"What is the final line of the original “Hamilton” cast recording of “The Room Where It Happens”?
Questions: "text":"What movie is this image from?
Questions: "text":"The original casting notice for Angelica Schuyler asked for Desiree Armfeldt meets who?
Questions: "text":"What “San Andreas” character does the Rock save first?
Questions: "text":"Who first demands the people “rise up” in the “Hamilton” song “My Shot”?
Questions: "text":"The Rock’s “Central Intelligence” character is bullied for singing a song by what group?
Questions: "text":"The “Hamilton” choreographer has stated Hamilton moves in what way?
Questions: "text":"What inspired The Rock’s role in the “Fast and the Furious” franchise?
Questions: "text":"In “Moana,” what boast does Maui NOT make in the song “You’re Welcome”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these companies did NOT recently have an IPO?
Questions: "text":"Though they work differently than humans, what animal has five “hearts”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is the deepest ocean in the world?
Questions: "text":"What is carbon paper typically used for?
Questions: "text":"Yoknapatawpha County is a fictional location that can be found in which work?
Questions: "text":"Which of these countries was officially neutral during the entirety of both World Wars?
Questions: "text":"Cubing the radius and then multiplying by 4/3 of pi calculates the volume of what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these words has an anagram that is also its synonym?
Questions: "text":"In what country was the man in this photo born?
Questions: "text":"What country has a holiday known as “Girls’ Day” that involves complicated doll displays?
Questions: "text":"Which of these major-party US presidential candidates was NOT also a US vice president?
Questions: "text":"Which of these words has an anagram that is also its antonym?
Questions: "text":"Which of these three famed philosophers was born first?
Questions: "text":"Which of these wars did NOT last the amount of time its name indicates?
Questions: "text":"The original meaning of “berserk” was related to what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these royal women most recently gave birth?
Questions: "text":"In the novel “Little Women,” Mrs. March’s daughters often call her what?
Questions: "text":"What television show is this from?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT one of Morticia Addams’ children’s names?
Questions: "text":"Whose baby is this?
Questions: "text":"The actor behind which character in “Mamma Mia 2” became a Dame while filming?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a real “NCIS” character?
Questions: "text":"In 2003’s “Freaky Friday,” what does Jamie Lee Curtis compare her looks to when she wakes up after the switch?
Questions: "text":"Which country hit’s music video features the singer’s daughters?
Questions: "text":"Which of these television shows was created by a husband-and-wife team?
Questions: "text":"What does the psychological issue “The Dobby Effect” specifically refer to?
Questions: "text":"In “Game of Thrones,” what dramatically differs between the book’s and the show’s Mother of Dragons scene?
Questions: "text":"Which of these actresses has NOT appeared onscreen in a film with her real-life mother?
Questions: "text":"What first lady was given a home by her mother-in-law, then found out her mother in law lived next door?
Questions: "text":"Which of these talk show hosts sang their own theme song at one point?
Questions: "text":"Pop Music Parents?
Questions: "text":"The racecar driver with the best qualifying time is said to be sitting on the what?
Questions: "text":"What is the nickname for when a pitcher throws a complete-game shutout in less than 100 pitches?
Questions: "text":"What team finished second in this year’s incredibly tight Premier League title race?
Questions: "text":"In what category has Mike Trout NOT led the AL for a single season?
Questions: "text":"The NFL Combine record for most bench press reps is held by a player at what position?
Questions: "text":"What athlete was awarded the Medal of Freedom this year?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of the top international team competition in women’s tennis?
Questions: "text":"Which player has hit a home run, stolen a base, and pitched a scoreless inning in the same game?
Questions: "text":"The player with the most-ever Rugby World Cup points played for what nation?
Questions: "text":"What player led the NBA in free throw attempts in a season the greatest number of times?
Questions: "text":"Who is the only player with at least 15 goals and 15 assists in a top European league this season?
Questions: "text":"Who is the only active pitcher with over 100 wins who has won more than half of his starts?
Questions: "text":"What is the name of the country in “The Hunger Games”?
Questions: "text":"Which of these “Hunger Games” characters is a baker’s son?
Questions: "text":"Which of these actors was quoted as saying their facial hair “did half the work”?
Questions: "text":"The singer famous for what song plays Katniss’s stylist?
Questions: "text":"Who first speaks after Katniss famously volunteers as tribute?
Questions: "text":"The young tribute that Katniss first shows an affinity for is from which district?
Questions: "text":"Which of these film franchises did Woody Harrelson NOT turn down twice?
Questions: "text":"What does Johanna Mason first take off in the elevator scene in “Catching Fire”?
Questions: "text":"Which character does Taylor Swift namecheck in her song for “The Hunger Games” soundtrack?
Questions: "text":"What color is Stanley Tucci’s character’s hair when he interviews Katniss for the first time?
Questions: "text":"What does Katniss say to Prim’s cat before going hunting in “The Hunger Games”?
Questions: "text":"What does the cartoon character Popeye do for a living?
Questions: "text":"What does the “B” stand for in ABC, NBC, and CBS?
Questions: "text":"Where are the highest-pitched notes on a piano keyboard?
Questions: "text":"Many journalists are taught to use the five Ws and one what?
Questions: "text":"What “time” does this character announce?
Questions: "text":"Which of these production companies has NOT released a Best Picture Oscar winner?
Questions: "text":"Chicken paprikash is a dish from where?
Questions: "text":"Which of these Greek gods was the offspring of Zeus?
Questions: "text":"The only cat to return safely from outer space was launched by what country?
Questions: "text":"Which of these animals does NOT lose and regrow its tail?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is almost always a correlative conjunction?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a nickname for people from an area of Northeast England?
Questions: "text":"Which pair of nations shares a border?
Questions: "text":"In the “Uptown Funk” music video, what classic getting-ready ritual does Bruno Mars NOT partake in?
Questions: "text":"What other classic video game was designed by the creator of “Pac-Man”?
Questions: "text":"Disney just announced that it bought which streaming media company?
Questions: "text":"Who wrote the 1590 epic poem “The Faerie Queene”?
Questions: "text":"What shoe company makes the Air Jordan line of sneakers?
Questions: "text":"Which is NOT a utility on the official standard Monopoly board?
Questions: "text":"Which of these US states is entirely bordered by six mostly straight lines?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is NOT in Beyoncé’s full name?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a fish?
Questions: "text":"Of these US currency denominations, which currently features a portrait of the person who died most recently?
Questions: "text":"Which of these is a Tony-winning musical adapted from a Mark Twain novel?
Questions: "text":"Which of these films was shot in one continuous take?
Questions: "text":"Which athletic activity is partly named for an abbreviation?
Questions: "text":"Which name is NOT one of the Ms in M&M’s?
Questions: "text":"This music is by a band from where?
Questions: "text":"Who was vice president under the last US president to have facial hair in their portrait?
Questions: "text":"If a hockey player executes a cross check, what are they hitting their opponent with?
Questions: "text":"A triple play that goes from 3rd to 2nd to 1st is officially scored in what way?
Questions: "text":"Going into last night’s NBA lottery, which of these teams had the lowest odds to get the No. 1 pick?
Questions: "text":"Which of these players has NOT indicated an early retirement from the NFL this offseason?
Questions: "text":"What Division I school has won more women’s softball national championships than any other?
Questions: "text":"Which of these soccer teams will NOT compete for the Champions League title next month?
Questions: "text":"Who has the record for highest free-throw percentage in a single NBA season?
Questions: "text":"Who has the greatest number of wins in the men's Australian Open?
Questions: "text":"What basketball team scored the fewest points in a single NCAA championship tournament game?
Questions: "text":"Which defenseman holds the record for most 100-point seasons?
Questions: "text":"Which of these NBA legends once played an entire season without hitting a three-pointer?
Questions: "text":"What racer has tied Richard Petty’s mark with 200 wins across NASCAR’s national series?
Questions: "text":"’90s band Nirvana is considered part of what music genre?
Questions: "text":"Which of these vegetables is the main ingredient in traditional sauerkraut?
Questions: "text":"Finish this TV quote: “Clear eyes, full hearts, can’t” what?
Questions: "text":"After Queen Elizabeth II, who is next in line for the British throne?
Questions: "text":"What is the term for a baby aardvark?
Questions: "text":"On a standing human being, which of these bones is closest to the ground?
Questions: "text":"Which of these official standard state license plates has a flag on it?
Questions: "text":"Which car model was introduced first?
Questions: "text":"Which classic TV show features characters named Eunice, Roy, and Jonas?
Questions: "text":"What economist inspired the inventor of the Monopoly forerunner The Landlord’s Game?
Questions: "text":"Which top sports star famously has two sets of twins?
Questions: "text":"What piece of classical music is often performed with the firing of guns or heavier artillery?
Questions: "text":"Which figure was partially removed from Leonardo da Vinci’s “The Last Supper” years after its painting?
Questions: "text":"In which children’s game do you perform exactly as one person demands, at least most of the time?
Questions: "text":"What action registers a “like” on an Instagram post?
Questions: "text":"Audio cassette tapes were mainly replaced by what technology?
Questions: "text":"Which of these classic TV characters had a super-smooth alter-ego named Stefan?
Questions: "text":"Ancient Romans most often ate with what utensil?
Questions: "text":"What kind of fungus is this?
Questions: "text":"In golf, what term is shorthand for a hole-in-one on a par five?
Questions: "text":"Norville is the “birth name” of which of these popular cartoon characters?
Questions: "text":"Which of these topics have both Angela Carter and Anne Sexton written about?
Questions: "text":"The artist behind this photo famously worked as what to pay the bills?
Questions: "text":"Which of these writers is NOT the same person?
Questions: "text":"Which show’s lead actor reportedly yelled, “He’s not an actor, he’s a dog!” about his canine costar?
Questions: "text":"About 10 percent of Five Guys franchise locations are owned by a former pro athlete in what?
Questions: "text":"What fashion house did this designer famously take over when he was barely into his 20s?
Questions: "text":"In “The Perfect Storm,” the line “It would be… the perfect storm” is spoken by the actor famous for what role?
Questions: "text":"What is Penny’s initial relationship to Leonard and Sheldon?
Questions: "text":"What is Sheldon’s signature phrase?
Questions: "text":"What is Sheldon’s occupation?
Questions: "text":"The actress who plays Amy is known for starring in what earlier sitcom?
Questions: "text":"What landmark is visible through Sheldon and Leonard’s window?
Questions: "text":"The frontman of which band wrote the show’s theme song?
Questions: "text":"What is Sheldon's comfort song about?
Questions: "text":"What causes Sheldon to hug Penny for the first time?
Questions: "text":"The actor who plays which character was nominated for a Golden Globe for a film role?
Questions: "text":"How did Chuck Lorre initially pitch the show to CBS?
Questions: "text":"What is NOT part of Penny’s outfit the first time she and Leonard kiss?
Questions: "text":"In this scene, Sheldon hopes to learn about friendship from what literary character?
Questions: "text":"What is Penny’s screen name in Age of Conan?
Questions: "text":"Amy’s wedding day look did NOT have which of the following?
Questions: "text":"According to this song, what does Thor sarcastically compliment Indiana Jones on?
Questions: "text":"Exclamation","answer":["WHAT","THE","FRAK?
Questions: "text":"How does Jon say goodbye to his direwolf Ghost?
Questions: "text":"What is Qyburn’s last order to the Mountain?
Questions: "text":"Which of these characters sings a song at one point this season?
Questions: "text":"Which of these characters recently took out an undead giant?
Questions: "text":"What does Sansa say in response to Tyrion bringing up Joffrey’s wedding?
Questions: "text":"According to Daenerys in the second-to-last episode, “I don’t have love here, I only have” what?
Questions: "text":"With what hand does Arya stab the Night King?
Questions: "text":"Who is the leader of Cersei’s sellsword army during Daenerys’s attack on King’s Landing?
Questions: "text":"Missandei’s final spoken word is in what language?
Questions: "text":"What character uses Heartsbane during the Battle of Winterfell?
Questions: "text":"Which of these famous lines is NOT directly referenced by a character this season?
Questions: "text":"What NFL team’s quarterback made a cameo?
Questions: "text":"This season, who first proposes that Jon and Daenerys should get married?
Questions: "text":"Which of these guest stars is sneakily implied to have gotten scorched by dragon fire?
Questions: "text":"Who is NOT featured in the scene where an accidental coffee cup appeared in the shot?
Questions: "text":"In American football, kicking a field goal using your instep is known as what kind of kick?
Questions: "text":"Which of these NBA teams did NOT receive a draft pick via lottery this year?
Questions: "text":"What is the oldest active tennis tournament in the world?
Questions: "text":"What does a pro golfer traditionally sign and give to a fan if they are struck with a ball?
Questions: "text":"Who holds the women’s record for most all-time world championship gold medals in swimming?
Questions: "text":"Kaapo Kakko is a rising star in what sport?
Questions: "text":"Kurt Angle won gold by defeating a wrestler from what nation in this controversial finish?
Questions: "text":"Which member of the legendary Andretti racing family actually won an Indy 500 as a driver?
Questions: "text":"Who was the last player from outside the United States to win the PGA Championship?
Questions: "text":"Earlier this decade, the Preakness Stakes featured a memorable mascot with what name?
Questions: "text":"What player has scored the greatest number of total points in this year’s NBA playoffs?
Questions: "text":"What was the last team to have an AL or NL league leader in homers for four straight years?
Questions: "text":"Together, the Kentucky Derby, Preakness Stakes, and Belmont Stakes are know as what?
Questions: "text":"Which of these institutions has an official website that ends in .edu?
Questions: "text":"Which of these cities is a national capital?
Questions: "text":"Which of these beverages is most similar to Champagne?
Questions: "text":"What kind of puzzle would use this grid?
Questions: "text":"The inventor of the Barbie doll was married to the inventor of what?
Questions: "text":"What will America celebrate in 2026?
Questions: "text":"The medals for next year’s Summer Olympics will be made from what?
Questions: "text":"Which nation does NOT use the “krone” as its unit of currency?
Questions: "text":"When the Confederacy began, its most populous city was in what US state?
Questions: "text":"Which famous flop has NOT been seen on “Mystery Science Theater 3000”?
Questions: "text":"The country that now comes last alphabetically was once called what?
Questions: "text":"The unit of length equal to one ten-billionth of a meter is named for a physicist from what country?
Questions: "text":"The final battle of which of these iconic figures occurred at the northernmost latitude?
Questions: "text":"In the original arcade game “Pong,” winners had to score what kind of number?
Questions: "text":"See Frasier Better?
Answers: 
Answers: "Western Pennsylvania","correct":false,"count":"4,703"
Answers: "In your DMs","correct":false,"count":"2,456"
Answers: "At home","correct":true,"count":"264,432"}]
Answers: "Hammer","correct":true,"count":"234,696"
Answers: "Oscar statuette","correct":false,"count":"1,218"
Answers: "Brick","correct":false,"count":"31,145"}]
Answers: "Interactive plot","correct":true,"count":"179,299"
Answers: "Smell-O-Vision","correct":false,"count":"15,521"
Answers: "Only streaming to phones","correct":false,"count":"53,107"}]
Answers: "Jordan","correct":false,"count":"68,290"
Answers: "Oman","correct":true,"count":"99,616"
Answers: "Syria","correct":false,"count":"53,773"}]
Answers: "Plato","correct":false,"count":"23,418"
Answers: "Socrates","correct":true,"count":"111,560"
Answers: "Aristotle","correct":false,"count":"33,294"}]
Answers: "Moe’s Southwest Grill","correct":false,"count":"62,358"
Answers: "Taco Bell","correct":true,"count":"31,646"
Answers: "Quiznos","correct":false,"count":"55,389"}]
Answers: "Basketball","correct":true,"count":"67,238"
Answers: "Boxing","correct":false,"count":"9,402"
Answers: "Soccer","correct":false,"count":"12,449"}]
Answers: "Email","correct":false,"count":"14,696"
Answers: "Drawing program","correct":false,"count":"14,118"
Answers: "Mouse","correct":true,"count":"50,046"}]
Answers: "Catty Wampus","correct":true,"count":"24,153"
Answers: "Ish Kabibble","correct":false,"count":"14,928"
Answers: "Parkyakarkus","correct":false,"count":"21,900"}]
Answers: "Ice cream trucks","correct":false,"count":"6,862"
Answers: "Cable news","correct":false,"count":"8,454"
Answers: "Circuses","correct":true,"count":"24,703"}]
Answers: "Saludos Amigos","correct":false,"count":"3,357"
Answers: "The Three Caballeros","correct":false,"count":"7,589"
Answers: "¡Fiesta Mexicano!","correct":true,"count":"17,688"}]
Answers: "John Tyler","correct":true,"count":"6,246"
Answers: "Andrew Jackson","correct":false,"count":"9,212"
Answers: "Millard Fillmore","correct":false,"count":"5,459"}]
Answers: "New Mexico","correct":true,"count":"344,458"
Answers: "New York","correct":false,"count":"11,834"
Answers: "New Jersey","correct":false,"count":"13,208"}]
Answers: "Intermission","correct":false,"count":"22,863"
Answers: "Overture","correct":true,"count":"329,196"
Answers: "Encore","correct":false,"count":"12,696"}]
Answers: "Rolling Stones","correct":true,"count":"297,508"
Answers: "Beatles","correct":false,"count":"12,315"
Answers: "Monkees","correct":false,"count":"39,079"}]
Answers: "Wholphin","correct":false,"count":"10,609"
Answers: "Wildebeest","correct":true,"count":"125,015"
Answers: "Yak","correct":false,"count":"191,717"}]
Answers: "Dora the Explorer","correct":false,"count":"29,605"
Answers: "Teletubbies","correct":true,"count":"164,267"
Answers: "Blue's Clues","correct":false,"count":"56,452"}]
Answers: "Newberry","correct":false,"count":"42,283"
Answers: "Newcastle","correct":true,"count":"130,697"
Answers: "New Haven","correct":false,"count":"47,407"}]
Answers: "New Girl","correct":false,"count":"48,270"
Answers: "Modern Family","correct":true,"count":"102,437"
Answers: "The New Normal","correct":false,"count":"20,260"}]
Answers: "Composite","correct":true,"count":"44,492"
Answers: "Prime","correct":false,"count":"85,175"
Answers: "Even","correct":false,"count":"6,650"}]
Answers: "Union Square","correct":true,"count":"55,196"
Answers: "Herald Square","correct":false,"count":"15,916"
Answers: "Times Square","correct":false,"count":"14,707"}]
Answers: "Suits","correct":false,"count":"6,111"
Answers: "Game of Thrones","correct":true,"count":"48,444"
Answers: "Deal or No Deal","correct":false,"count":"13,838"}]
Answers: "Childhood’s End","correct":false,"count":"6,888"
Answers: "Dune","correct":true,"count":"31,979"
Answers: "Foundation","correct":false,"count":"15,858"}]
Answers: "Software license","correct":false,"count":"12,870"
Answers: "Corporation","correct":false,"count":"8,426"
Answers: "Thoroughbred racehorse","correct":true,"count":"17,779"}]
Answers: "Turkey","correct":false,"count":"7,426"
Answers: "Save","correct":true,"count":"92,655"
Answers: "Free throw","correct":false,"count":"8,130"}]
Answers: "Volleyball","correct":false,"count":"3,486"
Answers: "Football","correct":true,"count":"83,058"
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"4,536"}]
Answers: "Boston Bruins","correct":true,"count":"52,063"
Answers: "Chicago Blackhawks","correct":false,"count":"20,620"
Answers: "New York Rangers","correct":false,"count":"9,674"}]
Answers: "Sumo","correct":false,"count":"2,207"
Answers: "Kickboxing","correct":true,"count":"34,274"
Answers: "Jiu-jitsu","correct":false,"count":"16,009"}]
Answers: "Big Ten","correct":false,"count":"3,055"
Answers: "Pac-12","correct":false,"count":"3,577"
Answers: "SEC","correct":true,"count":"28,580"}]
Answers: "Simona Halep","correct":true,"count":"16,134"
Answers: "Caroline Wozniacki","correct":false,"count":"6,345"
Answers: "Naomi Osaka","correct":false,"count":"6,100"}]
Answers: "Dave","correct":false,"count":"2,676"
Answers: "Steve","correct":true,"count":"7,661"
Answers: "Reggie","correct":false,"count":"5,649"}]
Answers: "Lions","correct":true,"count":"7,915"
Answers: "Jets","correct":false,"count":"301"
Answers: "Bengals","correct":false,"count":"310"}]
Answers: "Christian McCaffrey","correct":false,"count":"2,002"
Answers: "Travis Kelce","correct":false,"count":"1,197"
Answers: "Zach Ertz","correct":true,"count":"4,730"}]
Answers: "Penguins","correct":false,"count":"359"
Answers: "Red Wings","correct":true,"count":"2,297"
Answers: "Canadiens","correct":false,"count":"2,580"}]
Answers: "Chargers","correct":true,"count":"2,334"
Answers: "Texans","correct":false,"count":"108"
Answers: "Patriots","correct":false,"count":"289"}]
Answers: "San Francisco","correct":false,"count":"944"
Answers: "Kansas","correct":false,"count":"1,184"
Answers: "Duquesne","correct":true,"count":"259"}]
Answers: "Hammer","correct":false,"count":"8,068"
Answers: "Saw","correct":true,"count":"356,469"
Answers: "Pliers","correct":false,"count":"4,781"}]
Answers: "Marionette","correct":true,"count":"346,293"
Answers: "Finger puppet","correct":false,"count":"7,186"
Answers: "Hand puppet","correct":false,"count":"16,557"}]
Answers: "Golf","correct":false,"count":"2,031"
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"11,229"
Answers: "Baseball","correct":true,"count":"344,694"}]
Answers: "Green","correct":true,"count":"223,464"
Answers: "Red","correct":false,"count":"103,582"
Answers: "Blue","correct":false,"count":"22,257"}]
Answers: "Bifocal glasses","correct":false,"count":"30,883"
Answers: "Lightning rod","correct":false,"count":"64,775"
Answers: "Printing press","correct":true,"count":"198,335"}]
Answers: "Pesto","correct":true,"count":"175,280"
Answers: "Sofrito","correct":false,"count":"41,265"
Answers: "Sriracha","correct":false,"count":"34,776"}]
Answers: "Vibranium","correct":false,"count":"66,522"
Answers: "Adamantium","correct":false,"count":"59,038"
Answers: "Amazonium","correct":true,"count":"79,728"}]
Answers: "Syfy","correct":false,"count":"56,352"
Answers: "Disney XD","correct":true,"count":"62,699"
Answers: "CNBC","correct":false,"count":"14,595"}]
Answers: "Wall Street","correct":true,"count":"20,403"
Answers: "Goodfellas","correct":false,"count":"43,930"
Answers: "The Wolf of Wall Street","correct":false,"count":"28,666"}]
Answers: "Shikoku","correct":true,"count":"21,992"
Answers: "Kozu-shima","correct":false,"count":"6,875"
Answers: "Okinawa","correct":false,"count":"26,967"}]
Answers: "England","correct":true,"count":"22,697"
Answers: "Russia","correct":false,"count":"5,676"
Answers: "USA","correct":false,"count":"6,308"}]
Answers: "Ben Folds Five","correct":true,"count":"9,031"
Answers: "The Cardigans","correct":false,"count":"5,655"
Answers: "The Flaming Lips","correct":false,"count":"10,963"}]
Answers: "Rings","correct":true,"count":"213,727"
Answers: "Riverdance","correct":false,"count":"1,358"
Answers: "Roof","correct":false,"count":"419"}]
Answers: "Coast Guard","correct":false,"count":"12,810"
Answers: "Marines","correct":false,"count":"7,206"
Answers: "KISS Army","correct":true,"count":"195,348"}]
Answers: "Axis Powers","correct":false,"count":"5,465"
Answers: "Allied Forces","correct":true,"count":"193,523"
Answers: "Swiss","correct":false,"count":"5,887"}]
Answers: "Mickey Mantle","correct":true,"count":"114,126"
Answers: "Reggie Jackson","correct":false,"count":"40,981"
Answers: "Ty Cobb","correct":false,"count":"28,944"}]
Answers: "Childish Gambino","correct":true,"count":"89,631"
Answers: "Imagine Dragons","correct":false,"count":"51,730"
Answers: "Greta Van Fleet","correct":false,"count":"16,394"}]
Answers: "Fly fast and true","correct":false,"count":"4,878"
Answers: "Fly, my pretties","correct":false,"count":"104,708"
Answers: "Fly, fly, fly","correct":true,"count":"17,803"}]
Answers: "Kit Kats","correct":false,"count":"7,444"
Answers: "Marshmallow Peeps","correct":false,"count":"17,528"
Answers: "Sour Patch Kids","correct":true,"count":"50,200"}]
Answers: "Sunday before Christmas","correct":false,"count":"14,663"
Answers: "Last new moon of year","correct":false,"count":"13,688"
Answers: "December 23","correct":true,"count":"37,536"}]
Answers: "Up All Night","correct":false,"count":"7,362"
Answers: "Teenage Dream","correct":true,"count":"20,036"
Answers: "Born This Way","correct":false,"count":"22,704"}]
Answers: "Deus ex machina","correct":false,"count":"5,899"
Answers: "Anagnorisis","correct":false,"count":"10,755"
Answers: "Peripeteia","correct":true,"count":"18,292"}]
Answers: "Jackson","correct":false,"count":"4,774"
Answers: "Murray","correct":false,"count":"11,997"
Answers: "Hall","correct":true,"count":"9,100"}]
Answers: "UK","correct":false,"count":"4,067"
Answers: "Spain","correct":true,"count":"6,026"
Answers: "Turkey","correct":false,"count":"3,078"}]
Answers: "Throwdown van","correct":false,"count":"3,251"
Answers: "Shuffle car","correct":false,"count":"5,082"
Answers: "Pickup truck","correct":true,"count":"357,659"}]
Answers: "Scream","correct":true,"count":"357,737"
Answers: "Thank the bus driver","correct":false,"count":"3,976"
Answers: "Do the hustle","correct":false,"count":"3,521"}]
Answers: "French","correct":false,"count":"5,202"
Answers: "Portuguese","correct":true,"count":"309,447"
Answers: "Spanish","correct":false,"count":"47,617"}]
Answers: "Quarters","correct":false,"count":"56,478"
Answers: "Thirds","correct":true,"count":"235,694"
Answers: "Halves","correct":false,"count":"46,080"}]
Answers: "Mint","correct":false,"count":"41,813"
Answers: "Tequila","correct":true,"count":"163,196"
Answers: "Lime juice","correct":false,"count":"87,358"}]
Answers: "The AristoCats","correct":false,"count":"78,554"
Answers: "Pinocchio","correct":true,"count":"155,958"
Answers: "The Jungle Book","correct":false,"count":"7,695"}]
Answers: "Tennessee","correct":false,"count":"38,587"
Answers: "Kentucky","correct":true,"count":"99,684"
Answers: "Indiana","correct":false,"count":"51,479"}]
Answers: "The Comedy Channel","correct":false,"count":"20,707"
Answers: "Chucklevision","correct":true,"count":"90,620"
Answers: "Ha!","correct":false,"count":"33,191"}]
Answers: "Reindeer","correct":false,"count":"16,984"
Answers: "Elf","correct":false,"count":"26,644"
Answers: "Sled","correct":true,"count":"71,823"}]
Answers: "Fujitsu","correct":true,"count":"36,169"
Answers: "Cisco","correct":false,"count":"18,577"
Answers: "Motorola","correct":false,"count":"34,468"}]
Answers: "Give a lot of presents","correct":false,"count":"4,578"
Answers: "Take long naps","correct":false,"count":"19,773"
Answers: "Make inappropriate puns","correct":true,"count":"30,111"}]
Answers: "Comedy","correct":false,"count":"17,301"
Answers: "History","correct":true,"count":"10,215"
Answers: "Tragedy","correct":false,"count":"8,518"}]
Answers: "Wheel drive","correct":true,"count":"368,768"
Answers: "Window decals","correct":false,"count":"2,080"
Answers: "Wonderful decorations","correct":false,"count":"954"}]
Answers: "Burlap","correct":false,"count":"1,768"
Answers: "Canvas","correct":true,"count":"372,687"
Answers: "Felt","correct":false,"count":"1,357"}]
Answers: "Bob Dylan","correct":true,"count":"248,740"
Answers: "Paul Simon","correct":false,"count":"29,817"
Answers: "Mick Jagger","correct":false,"count":"89,673"}]
Answers: "Hockey pucks","correct":true,"count":"86,224"
Answers: "Maple leaves","correct":false,"count":"218,731"
Answers: "Bagels","correct":false,"count":"15,124"}]
Answers: "Zeppelin","correct":true,"count":"175,402"
Answers: "Blimp","correct":false,"count":"51,001"
Answers: "Hot air balloon","correct":false,"count":"13,815"}]
Answers: "Lark / Lisa","correct":true,"count":"77,403"
Answers: "Elizabeth / Kelly","correct":false,"count":"61,912"
Answers: "Tiffani / Jessie","correct":false,"count":"74,917"}]
Answers: "2 hours","correct":true,"count":"86,689"
Answers: "2 hours and 15 minutes","correct":false,"count":"49,453"
Answers: "2 and a half hours","correct":false,"count":"17,074"}]
Answers: "Germany","correct":true,"count":"43,137"
Answers: "Austria","correct":false,"count":"58,660"
Answers: "England","correct":false,"count":"24,525"}]
Answers: "New Jersey","correct":true,"count":"39,518"
Answers: "Delaware","correct":false,"count":"26,503"
Answers: "Pennsylvania","correct":false,"count":"19,574"}]
Answers: "Brad Pitt","correct":true,"count":"14,200"
Answers: "George Clooney","correct":false,"count":"4,978"
Answers: "Chiwetel Ejiofor","correct":false,"count":"45,821"}]
Answers: "Starsky & Hutch","correct":false,"count":"6,648"
Answers: "Kojak","correct":false,"count":"9,114"
Answers: "Columbo","correct":true,"count":"21,888"}]
Answers: "Peanuts","correct":false,"count":"3,864"
Answers: "Blondie","correct":false,"count":"8,703"
Answers: "Garfield","correct":true,"count":"12,698"}]
Answers: "Manateepower","correct":false,"count":"2,183"
Answers: "Pandapower","correct":false,"count":"1,656"
Answers: "Horsepower","correct":true,"count":"310,958"}]
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"31,463"
Answers: "Hockey","correct":true,"count":"268,652"
Answers: "Football","correct":false,"count":"12,304"}]
Answers: "Shadow","correct":true,"count":"212,715"
Answers: "Fountain","correct":false,"count":"31,377"
Answers: "Tower","correct":false,"count":"54,997"}]
Answers: "North Carolina","correct":false,"count":"16,714"
Answers: "South Carolina","correct":false,"count":"33,481"
Answers: "Kentucky","correct":true,"count":"223,535"}]
Answers: "Bungalow","correct":false,"count":"30,412"
Answers: "Split-level","correct":true,"count":"214,878"
Answers: "Semi-detached","correct":false,"count":"11,703"}]
Answers: "Amperes","correct":true,"count":"120,406"
Answers: "Ohms","correct":false,"count":"115,873"
Answers: "Farads","correct":false,"count":"5,078"}]
Answers: "Nerf","correct":false,"count":"9,939"
Answers: "Silly String","correct":true,"count":"75,781"
Answers: "Play-Doh","correct":false,"count":"95,707"}]
Answers: "Yertle the Turtle","correct":false,"count":"42,752"
Answers: "Green Eggs and Ham","correct":false,"count":"20,897"
Answers: "Horton Hears a Who!","correct":true,"count":"64,426"}]
Answers: "Appalachian","correct":true,"count":"77,468"
Answers: "Rocky","correct":false,"count":"11,353"
Answers: "Sierra Nevada","correct":false,"count":"14,491"}]
Answers: "Mad About You","correct":true,"count":"31,555"
Answers: "Family Ties","correct":false,"count":"26,187"
Answers: "Spin City","correct":false,"count":"30,616"}]
Answers: "Pie","correct":false,"count":"17,832"
Answers: "Soup","correct":true,"count":"30,846"
Answers: "Sandwich","correct":false,"count":"6,543"}]
Answers: "Bizet","correct":false,"count":"2,779"
Answers: "Brahms","correct":false,"count":"29,393"
Answers: "Berlioz","correct":true,"count":"3,676"}]
Answers: "Maggie","correct":true,"count":"398,055"
Answers: "Scratchy","correct":false,"count":"61,905"
Answers: "Tito Puente","correct":false,"count":"22,881"}]
Answers: "Plow This","correct":false,"count":"65,671"
Answers: "Plow Now, and How","correct":false,"count":"44,333"
Answers: "Mr. Plow","correct":true,"count":"348,729"}]
Answers: "Runaway monorail","correct":false,"count":"116,986"
Answers: "Malibu Stacy’s new hat","correct":false,"count":"50,703"
Answers: "Truckasaurus","correct":true,"count":"254,752"}]
Answers: "Keep your wits close","correct":false,"count":"14,003"
Answers: "Unsurprise everyone","correct":false,"count":"30,385"
Answers: "Succeed despite idiocy","correct":true,"count":"315,644"}]
Answers: "My special little guy","correct":true,"count":"288,301"
Answers: "Mr. Britches","correct":false,"count":"31,810"
Answers: "First born, last nerve","correct":false,"count":"28,296"}]
Answers: "Uppity","correct":false,"count":"39,276"
Answers: "Ornery","correct":false,"count":"72,062"
Answers: "Queasy","correct":true,"count":"216,128"}]
Answers: "Superintendent Chalmers","correct":false,"count":"41,191"
Answers: "Waylon Smithers","correct":true,"count":"159,164"
Answers: "Moe Szyslak","correct":false,"count":"68,513"}]
Answers: "New Orleans","correct":true,"count":"94,039"
Answers: "Miami","correct":false,"count":"70,010"
Answers: "Beverly Hills","correct":false,"count":"48,971"}]
Answers: "Jacques Strap","correct":false,"count":"12,340"
Answers: "Stu Pitt","correct":true,"count":"80,797"
Answers: "Bea O’Problem","correct":false,"count":"52,216"}]
Answers: "Apfelnöugat","correct":false,"count":"37,358"
Answers: "Jellied nuts","correct":false,"count":"14,667"
Answers: "Marzipan Joy Joys","correct":true,"count":"62,066"}]
Answers: "Shaggy mullet","correct":false,"count":"8,801"
Answers: "Foam finger","correct":false,"count":"19,789"
Answers: "Hi-top sneakers","correct":true,"count":"54,446"}]
Answers: "Mount Avalanche","correct":true,"count":"36,111"
Answers: "Forest of No Return","correct":false,"count":"10,735"
Answers: "Crocodile Creek","correct":false,"count":"11,943"}]
Answers: "Bourgeois & Proletariat","correct":false,"count":"4,607"
Answers: "Vladislav & Humorous","correct":false,"count":"5,686"
Answers: "Worker & Parasite","correct":true,"count":"28,937"}]
Answers: "Dr. Lowenstein","correct":false,"count":"6,647"
Answers: "Dr. Zweig","correct":true,"count":"21,423"
Answers: "Dr. Pryor","correct":false,"count":"2,319"}]
Answers: "Make-Out King of Montana","correct":false,"count":"6,923"
Answers: "David vs. Super Goliath","correct":false,"count":"5,862"
Answers: "Stop That Dream","correct":true,"count":"10,037"}]
Answers: "A fortnight","correct":false,"count":"848"
Answers: "10 seconds","correct":true,"count":"99,355"
Answers: "1 minute","correct":false,"count":"1,802"}]
Answers: "Michigan / USC","correct":false,"count":"9,935"
Answers: "Notre Dame / Miami","correct":false,"count":"13,294"
Answers: "Alabama / Clemson","correct":true,"count":"57,868"}]
Answers: "Holding","correct":false,"count":"13,183"
Answers: "Offsides","correct":false,"count":"6,326"
Answers: "False start","correct":true,"count":"36,674"}]
Answers: "Notre Dame","correct":false,"count":"9,397"
Answers: "South Carolina","correct":false,"count":"7,819"
Answers: "Baylor","correct":true,"count":"20,399"}]
Answers: "Esports","correct":false,"count":"5,014"
Answers: "Cryptocurrency","correct":false,"count":"3,226"
Answers: "Casino","correct":true,"count":"12,837"}]
Answers: "DeMar DeRozan","correct":true,"count":"7,821"
Answers: "LeBron James","correct":false,"count":"1,769"
Answers: "Kawhi Leonard","correct":false,"count":"3,469"}]
Answers: "Rays","correct":true,"count":"5,879"
Answers: "A’s","correct":false,"count":"1,323"
Answers: "Marlins","correct":false,"count":"928"}]
Answers: "Florida","correct":false,"count":"418"
Answers: "California","correct":false,"count":"2,282"
Answers: "Rhode Island","correct":true,"count":"3,357"}]
Answers: "Lawrence Taylor","correct":false,"count":"806"
Answers: "Mark Gastineau","correct":true,"count":"1,908"
Answers: "Reggie White","correct":false,"count":"1,054"}]
Answers: "Mark McGwire","correct":false,"count":"293"
Answers: "Sammy Sosa","correct":true,"count":"1,279"
Answers: "Manny Ramirez","correct":false,"count":"725"}]
Answers: "AAC","correct":true,"count":"838"
Answers: "Conference USA","correct":false,"count":"298"
Answers: "ACC","correct":false,"count":"312"}]
Answers: "Alex Ovechkin","correct":false,"count":"281"
Answers: "Sidney Crosby","correct":true,"count":"565"
Answers: "Auston Matthews","correct":false,"count":"134"}]
Answers: "For a pyramid scheme","correct":false,"count":"2,477"
Answers: "Down","correct":true,"count":"355,161"
Answers: "On hard times","correct":false,"count":"2,310"}]
Answers: "Super Heavy","correct":true,"count":"309,947"
Answers: "Crazy Jumbo","correct":false,"count":"4,644"
Answers: "Mega Deluxe","correct":false,"count":"44,348"}]
Answers: "Chaff","correct":false,"count":"3,584"
Answers: "Spurt","correct":false,"count":"1,762"
Answers: "Brim","correct":true,"count":"339,922"}]
Answers: "Goomba","correct":false,"count":"61,537"
Answers: "Koopa Troopa","correct":true,"count":"269,942"
Answers: "Boo Blah","correct":false,"count":"8,804"}]
Answers: "Kylo Ren","correct":false,"count":"35,973"
Answers: "Chewbacca","correct":true,"count":"179,417"
Answers: "Yoda","correct":false,"count":"100,645"}]
Answers: "Blue","correct":false,"count":"34,595"
Answers: "Red","correct":true,"count":"210,964"
Answers: "Green","correct":false,"count":"18,214"}]
Answers: "Boston","correct":false,"count":"49,947"
Answers: "New York","correct":true,"count":"118,160"
Answers: "Chicago","correct":false,"count":"63,989"}]
Answers: "Brown","correct":true,"count":"119,239"
Answers: "Green","correct":false,"count":"29,910"
Answers: "White","correct":false,"count":"28,731"}]
Answers: "Pippin","correct":false,"count":"23,624"
Answers: "Mollywobbles","correct":true,"count":"94,458"
Answers: "Tormund Giantsbane","correct":false,"count":"27,680"}]
Answers: "Rihanna","correct":false,"count":"27,782"
Answers: "Kesha","correct":true,"count":"33,550"
Answers: "Lady Gaga","correct":false,"count":"57,487"}]
Answers: "Habanero","correct":true,"count":"41,068"
Answers: "Serrano","correct":false,"count":"23,678"
Answers: "Jalapeño","correct":false,"count":"5,551"}]
Answers: "Washington’s birthday","correct":false,"count":"18,100"
Answers: "MLK Jr. Day","correct":false,"count":"11,944"
Answers: "Columbus Day","correct":true,"count":"17,384"}]
Answers: "Crunches","correct":false,"count":"3,575"
Answers: "Push-ups","correct":true,"count":"193,273"
Answers: "Squats","correct":false,"count":"1,108"}]
Answers: "Wayne Gretzky","correct":false,"count":"4,823"
Answers: "Tom Brady","correct":false,"count":"4,232"
Answers: "George Foreman","correct":true,"count":"188,940"}]
Answers: "Dennis the Menace","correct":false,"count":"27,782"
Answers: "The Family Circus","correct":true,"count":"142,196"
Answers: "Ziggy","correct":false,"count":"18,245"}]
Answers: "Water bottles","correct":true,"count":"114,748"
Answers: "A cat","correct":false,"count":"36,555"
Answers: "Muffins","correct":false,"count":"21,522"}]
Answers: "Greenland","correct":true,"count":"74,249"
Answers: "Finland","correct":false,"count":"45,499"
Answers: "Iceland","correct":false,"count":"35,947"}]
Answers: "Madonna","correct":false,"count":"5,918"
Answers: "Prince","correct":false,"count":"11,731"
Answers: "Elvis","correct":true,"count":"113,327"}]
Answers: "Sussex","correct":true,"count":"76,022"
Answers: "Essex","correct":false,"count":"21,673"
Answers: "Cambridge","correct":false,"count":"25,484"}]
Answers: "Camp","correct":true,"count":"75,779"
Answers: "Coven","correct":false,"count":"12,103"
Answers: "Cult","correct":false,"count":"14,473"}]
Answers: "Cosmopolitan","correct":false,"count":"13,936"
Answers: "Vanity Fair","correct":false,"count":"39,016"
Answers: "Esquire","correct":true,"count":"34,702"}]
Answers: "The Daily Beast","correct":true,"count":"23,284"
Answers: "Buzzfeed","correct":false,"count":"15,351"
Answers: "Huffpost","correct":false,"count":"23,693"}]
Answers: "Taken outdoors","correct":false,"count":"9,113"
Answers: "Couple’s eyes aligned","correct":true,"count":"26,334"
Answers: "Matching outfits","correct":false,"count":"5,503"}]
Answers: "Bruce Lee","correct":false,"count":"6,219"
Answers: "Muhammad Ali","correct":true,"count":"8,675"
Answers: "Billie Jean King","correct":false,"count":"14,178"}]
Answers: "Appalachian Mountains","correct":false,"count":"18,943"
Answers: "Silverado Trail","correct":true,"count":"629,490"
Answers: "Everglades","correct":false,"count":"14,362"}]
Answers: "Longtable","correct":false,"count":"14,995"
Answers: "Flatbed","correct":true,"count":"623,441"
Answers: "Roundchair","correct":false,"count":"4,860"}]
Answers: "Semi-duty","correct":false,"count":"104,481"
Answers: "Semi-final","correct":false,"count":"3,226"
Answers: "Semi-trailer","correct":true,"count":"521,048"}]
Answers: "Skateboard","correct":true,"count":"475,644"
Answers: "Dartboard","correct":false,"count":"50,947"
Answers: "Surfboard","correct":false,"count":"51,051"}]
Answers: "Arnold Schwarzenegger","correct":false,"count":"54,012"
Answers: "Bruce Willis","correct":false,"count":"200,131"
Answers: "Sylvester Stallone","correct":true,"count":"274,885"}]
Answers: "Six-wheel drive","correct":false,"count":"52,211"
Answers: "Quadder","correct":false,"count":"66,092"
Answers: "Dually","correct":true,"count":"295,674"}]
Answers: "Food catering","correct":false,"count":"82,268"
Answers: "Logging","correct":false,"count":"253,154"
Answers: "Magazine publishing","correct":true,"count":"49,354"}]
Answers: "Cookie Monster","correct":true,"count":"154,078"
Answers: "Fred Flintstone","correct":false,"count":"62,558"
Answers: "Roger Rabbit","correct":false,"count":"83,470"}]
Answers: "Dixie Flyer","correct":false,"count":"80,620"
Answers: "Autocar","correct":true,"count":"53,404"
Answers: "Columbia","correct":false,"count":"85,702"}]
Answers: "Rodimus Prime","correct":false,"count":"17,061"
Answers: "Orion Pax","correct":true,"count":"65,779"
Answers: "Sentinel Prime","correct":false,"count":"65,008"}]
Answers: "Truckle","correct":true,"count":"57,266"
Answers: "Truckage","correct":false,"count":"37,285"
Answers: "Truckie","correct":false,"count":"16,959"}]
Answers: "Buffalo","correct":true,"count":"28,572"
Answers: "Kansas City","correct":false,"count":"29,767"
Answers: "Cleveland","correct":false,"count":"22,942"}]
Answers: "Bobsled","correct":false,"count":"3,543"
Answers: "Handball","correct":true,"count":"87,136"
Answers: "Backstroke","correct":false,"count":"8,133"}]
Answers: "Four","correct":false,"count":"8,299"
Answers: "Two","correct":true,"count":"69,553"
Answers: "One","correct":false,"count":"8,194"}]
Answers: "Georgia","correct":true,"count":"23,459"
Answers: "California","correct":false,"count":"17,119"
Answers: "Florida","correct":false,"count":"28,323"}]
Answers: "University of Miami","correct":false,"count":"3,177"
Answers: "Texas Tech","correct":true,"count":"19,331"
Answers: "UCLA","correct":false,"count":"4,815"}]
Answers: "Japan","correct":false,"count":"4,045"
Answers: "Brazil","correct":false,"count":"5,302"
Answers: "USA","correct":true,"count":"10,121"}]
Answers: "67 percent","correct":false,"count":"2,902"
Answers: "50 percent plus 1 vote","correct":false,"count":"1,126"
Answers: "75 percent","correct":true,"count":"6,844"}]
Answers: "Eli Manning","correct":false,"count":"1,401"
Answers: "Philip Rivers","correct":true,"count":"3,386"
Answers: "Ben Roethlisberger","correct":false,"count":"2,072"}]
Answers: "John Stockton","correct":false,"count":"972"
Answers: "Bobby Hurley","correct":true,"count":"2,547"
Answers: "Gary Payton","correct":false,"count":"477"}]
Answers: "Michigan","correct":false,"count":"324"
Answers: "Army","correct":false,"count":"563"
Answers: "Penn","correct":true,"count":"1,867"}]
Answers: "Mets","correct":false,"count":"439"
Answers: "Padres","correct":false,"count":"612"
Answers: "A’s","correct":true,"count":"971"}]
Answers: "Left foot only","correct":false,"count":"389"
Answers: "Right foot only","correct":false,"count":"525"
Answers: "Both feet","correct":true,"count":"283"}]
Answers: "Detroit Lions","correct":false,"count":"83"
Answers: "Cleveland Browns","correct":true,"count":"265"
Answers: "Dallas Cowboys","correct":false,"count":"148"}]
Answers: "Greece","correct":true,"count":"340,846"
Answers: "Pluto","correct":false,"count":"5,297"
Answers: "Paramus, New Jersey","correct":false,"count":"5,588"}]
Answers: "Spent on ice cream","correct":false,"count":"2,650"
Answers: "Distracted by its phone","correct":false,"count":"3,412"
Answers: "Reinvested","correct":true,"count":"330,535"}]
Answers: "Maury Ballstein","correct":false,"count":"2,717"
Answers: "Fiji Water Woman","correct":false,"count":"1,947"
Answers: "Bride and groom","correct":true,"count":"322,858"}]
Answers: "Wheel and axle","correct":false,"count":"26,197"
Answers: "Lever","correct":true,"count":"256,608"
Answers: "Wedge","correct":false,"count":"36,311"}]
Answers: "Snoop Dogg","correct":false,"count":"93,003"
Answers: "Nate Dogg","correct":true,"count":"123,493"
Answers: "Tupac","correct":false,"count":"43,007"}]
Answers: "Volleyball","correct":true,"count":"77,407"
Answers: "Water polo","correct":false,"count":"38,444"
Answers: "Curling","correct":false,"count":"17,108"}]
Answers: "The Crown","correct":false,"count":"13,701"
Answers: "Downton Abbey","correct":true,"count":"53,784"
Answers: "Peaky Blinders","correct":false,"count":"13,223"}]
Answers: "Punk","correct":false,"count":"9,051"
Answers: "Country","correct":true,"count":"24,048"
Answers: "Disco","correct":false,"count":"23,320"}]
Answers: "Charles X","correct":false,"count":"1,207"
Answers: "Louis XIII","correct":true,"count":"6,153"
Answers: "Henry IV","correct":false,"count":"20,550"}]
Answers: "Sarah Jessica Parker","correct":true,"count":"10,434"
Answers: "Rihanna","correct":false,"count":"1,833"
Answers: "Jessica Simpson","correct":false,"count":"1,250"}]
Answers: "Tinder","correct":false,"count":"1,627"
Answers: "Netflix","correct":true,"count":"4,045"
Answers: "YouTube","correct":false,"count":"4,615"}]
Answers: "Lead guitarist","correct":false,"count":"864"
Answers: "Bass guitarist","correct":false,"count":"874"
Answers: "Drummer","correct":true,"count":"2,571"}]
Answers: "Big favors","correct":false,"count":"5,257"
Answers: "Macrame","correct":false,"count":"2,976"
Answers: "Harm","correct":true,"count":"184,888"}]
Answers: "Taio Cruz","correct":false,"count":"3,065"
Answers: "Meek Mill","correct":false,"count":"3,202"
Answers: "Flo Rida","correct":true,"count":"174,881"}]
Answers: "The Masked Singer","correct":false,"count":"7,848"
Answers: "Friends","correct":false,"count":"91,174"
Answers: "The Sopranos","correct":true,"count":"71,369"}]
Answers: "Gymnastics","correct":false,"count":"7,032"
Answers: "Cycling","correct":false,"count":"9,055"
Answers: "Ice hockey","correct":true,"count":"60,025"}]
Answers: "Finnish","correct":false,"count":"20,875"
Answers: "Hindi","correct":true,"count":"26,605"
Answers: "Navajo","correct":false,"count":"12,553"}]
Answers: "Abraham Lincoln","correct":false,"count":"8,820"
Answers: "Hamlet","correct":false,"count":"3,811"
Answers: "Vito Corleone","correct":true,"count":"16,233"}]
Answers: "Tumble","correct":false,"count":"2,416"
Answers: "Stumble","correct":false,"count":"933"
Answers: "Grumble","correct":true,"count":"13,870"}]
Answers: "Aviators","correct":false,"count":"651"
Answers: "Children","correct":true,"count":"11,081"
Answers: "Philanthropists","correct":false,"count":"2,249"}]
Answers: "Morocco","correct":false,"count":"6,521"
Answers: "Algeria","correct":false,"count":"1,730"
Answers: "Tunisia","correct":true,"count":"2,847"}]
Answers: "All in the Family","correct":false,"count":"266"
Answers: "M*A*S*H","correct":true,"count":"4,522"
Answers: "Mary Tyler Moore","correct":false,"count":"324"}]
Answers: "Socks","correct":false,"count":"97"
Answers: "Buddy","correct":false,"count":"678"
Answers: "Millie","correct":true,"count":"3,787"}]
Answers: "The Hobbit","correct":false,"count":"373"
Answers: "The Wizard of Oz","correct":true,"count":"3,004"
Answers: "Peter Pan","correct":false,"count":"473"}]
Answers: "You just got lawyered","correct":false,"count":"43,794"
Answers: "But… um...","correct":false,"count":"26,174"
Answers: "Legen...waitforit...dary","correct":true,"count":"284,945"}]
Answers: "Bob Saget","correct":true,"count":"262,015"
Answers: "Weird Al Yankovic","correct":false,"count":"6,639"
Answers: "Bob Barker","correct":false,"count":"19,136"}]
Answers: "With Arms Wide Open","correct":false,"count":"42,404"
Answers: "La Vie en rose","correct":true,"count":"151,265"
Answers: "Highway to Hell","correct":false,"count":"65,969"}]
Answers: "Pig","correct":false,"count":"26,635"
Answers: "Toad","correct":false,"count":"12,860"
Answers: "Goat","correct":true,"count":"124,107"}]
Answers: "Ted","correct":true,"count":"75,113"
Answers: "Marshall","correct":false,"count":"25,901"
Answers: "Barney","correct":false,"count":"25,628"}]
Answers: "Celine Dion","correct":false,"count":"15,631"
Answers: "Friendly Mountie","correct":false,"count":"26,919"
Answers: "Canadian prime minister","correct":true,"count":"37,785"}]
Answers: "Katie Holmes","correct":false,"count":"5,427"
Answers: "Maury Povich","correct":true,"count":"12,879"
Answers: "Carl the Bartender","correct":false,"count":"28,860"}]
Answers: "Hypothetical High-Five","correct":false,"count":"1,135"
Answers: "High-Five with Foot","correct":false,"count":"11,002"
Answers: "High-Five of Truce","correct":true,"count":"8,921"}]
Answers: "Dating website","correct":false,"count":"2,010"
Answers: "Cooking class","correct":false,"count":"5,411"
Answers: "Computer game","correct":true,"count":"3,041"}]
Answers: "The Girls Next Door","correct":true,"count":"1,302"
Answers: "Jersey Shore","correct":false,"count":"1,081"
Answers: "The City","correct":false,"count":"915"}]
Answers: "Take care of a cat","correct":false,"count":"201"
Answers: "Secure the ring","correct":false,"count":"884"
Answers: "Medical evaluation","correct":true,"count":"348"}]
Answers: "Your Aunt Robin.","correct":false,"count":"132"
Answers: "I’m getting to it.","correct":false,"count":"129"
Answers: "It’s a long story.","correct":true,"count":"153"}]
Answers: "On truckin’","correct":false,"count":"5,204"
Answers: "Handy","correct":false,"count":"5,318"
Answers: "In the dark","correct":true,"count":"305,785"}]
Answers: "Beyoncé","correct":true,"count":"299,752"
Answers: "Kevin Federline","correct":false,"count":"3,735"
Answers: "Insane Clown Posse","correct":false,"count":"2,169"}]
Answers: "Interrogate","correct":false,"count":"40,069"
Answers: "Presumptuous","correct":true,"count":"241,715"
Answers: "Marsupials","correct":false,"count":"8,399"}]
Answers: "One grand slam","correct":false,"count":"33,632"
Answers: "Nine total pitches","correct":true,"count":"168,421"
Answers: "Three tag-outs","correct":false,"count":"36,924"}]
Answers: "Pinniped","correct":false,"count":"48,896"
Answers: "Monotreme","correct":true,"count":"87,568"
Answers: "Cetacean","correct":false,"count":"46,193"}]
Answers: "Africa","correct":false,"count":"27,049"
Answers: "Europe","correct":false,"count":"14,372"
Answers: "Asia","correct":true,"count":"61,943"}]
Answers: "Chili mac","correct":false,"count":"2,906"
Answers: "Tater tots","correct":true,"count":"19,690"
Answers: "Raisin bran","correct":false,"count":"44,075"}]
Answers: "Boondocks","correct":false,"count":"6,942"
Answers: "Nosebleed","correct":false,"count":"3,659"
Answers: "Farout","correct":true,"count":"23,087"}]
Answers: "Hong Kong","correct":true,"count":"14,499"
Answers: "Abu Dhabi","correct":false,"count":"7,459"
Answers: "Glasgow","correct":false,"count":"2,817"}]
Answers: "Brazil","correct":false,"count":"700"
Answers: "Peru","correct":true,"count":"2,588"
Answers: "Argentina","correct":false,"count":"12,256"}]
Answers: "Scully lathe","correct":true,"count":"898"
Answers: "Barconic pick","correct":false,"count":"446"
Answers: "Ames room","correct":false,"count":"3,009"}]
Answers: "FIFA Soccer","correct":true,"count":"513"
Answers: "Madden NFL","correct":false,"count":"416"
Answers: "NBA 2K","correct":false,"count":"199"}]
Answers: "Future","correct":false,"count":"3,489"
Answers: "Gnome","correct":false,"count":"1,613"
Answers: "Brave","correct":true,"count":"309,021"}]
Answers: "Marley & Me","correct":false,"count":"2,566"
Answers: "Toy Story","correct":true,"count":"301,285"
Answers: "Wall Street","correct":false,"count":"3,549"}]
Answers: "Avocado toast","correct":true,"count":"292,490"
Answers: "Cheese danish","correct":false,"count":"3,520"
Answers: "Carving station","correct":false,"count":"1,663"}]
Answers: "Dance step","correct":false,"count":"31,515"
Answers: "Folk song","correct":false,"count":"20,471"
Answers: "Instrument","correct":true,"count":"237,716"}]
Answers: "Animal","correct":false,"count":"42,228"
Answers: "Vegetable","correct":true,"count":"181,942"
Answers: "Mineral","correct":false,"count":"14,133"}]
Answers: "Strikeouts","correct":false,"count":"19,125"
Answers: "Saves","correct":true,"count":"120,401"
Answers: "ERA","correct":false,"count":"43,671"}]
Answers: "Queen","correct":true,"count":"40,491"
Answers: "The Rolling Stones","correct":false,"count":"16,392"
Answers: "The Beatles","correct":false,"count":"69,100"}]
Answers: "Stage","correct":true,"count":"34,701"
Answers: "Boat","correct":false,"count":"9,156"
Answers: "Blood cell","correct":false,"count":"14,535"}]
Answers: "Charleston, SC","correct":true,"count":"24,794"
Answers: "Oklahoma City, OK","correct":false,"count":"6,447"
Answers: "St. Paul, MN","correct":false,"count":"6,240"}]
Answers: "Have a picnic","correct":false,"count":"5,236"
Answers: "Take a vacation","correct":true,"count":"16,242"
Answers: "Celebrate","correct":false,"count":"4,999"}]
Answers: "Marconi","correct":false,"count":"1,215"
Answers: "Sarnoff","correct":false,"count":"1,650"
Answers: "Hertz","correct":true,"count":"15,355"}]
Answers: "Milton Berle","correct":false,"count":"2,228"
Answers: "Lucille Ball","correct":true,"count":"11,189"
Answers: "Jackie Gleason","correct":false,"count":"2,053"}]
Answers: "Yellow bath mat","correct":false,"count":"1,709"
Answers: "Red carpet","correct":true,"count":"465,248"
Answers: "Green linoleum","correct":false,"count":"863"}]
Answers: "Bark","correct":true,"count":"440,111"
Answers: "Snort","correct":false,"count":"6,879"
Answers: "Yodel","correct":false,"count":"14,493"}]
Answers: "Bermuda face triangle","correct":false,"count":"23,048"
Answers: "Treasure zone","correct":false,"count":"13,404"
Answers: "Soul patch","correct":true,"count":"397,915"}]
Answers: "West","correct":true,"count":"276,802"
Answers: "North","correct":false,"count":"44,656"
Answers: "East","correct":false,"count":"78,605"}]
Answers: "Molar","correct":false,"count":"651"
Answers: "Cornea","correct":true,"count":"299,442"
Answers: "Patella","correct":false,"count":"2,414"}]
Answers: "Optimism","correct":false,"count":"16,066"
Answers: "Person’s character","correct":true,"count":"169,076"
Answers: "Logic","correct":false,"count":"110,166"}]
Answers: "Marshmello","correct":false,"count":"25,622"
Answers: "Daft Punk","correct":true,"count":"146,863"
Answers: "Deadmau5","correct":false,"count":"25,386"}]
Answers: "Anaheim","correct":true,"count":"132,696"
Answers: "Los Angeles","correct":false,"count":"13,688"
Answers: "San Jose","correct":false,"count":"10,893"}]
Answers: "Jumpers","correct":false,"count":"58,869"
Answers: "Nippers","correct":false,"count":"14,561"
Answers: "Draughts","correct":true,"count":"64,010"}]
Answers: "Hook","correct":false,"count":"5,746"
Answers: "E.T.","correct":true,"count":"54,471"
Answers: "Raiders of the Lost Ark","correct":false,"count":"19,632"}]
Answers: "Belgium","correct":true,"count":"23,670"
Answers: "Germany","correct":false,"count":"5,203"
Answers: "France","correct":false,"count":"30,185"}]
Answers: "Bass","correct":false,"count":"6,602"
Answers: "Wound","correct":false,"count":"6,589"
Answers: "Cleave","correct":true,"count":"21,097"}]
Answers: "Gravity","correct":false,"count":"6,145"
Answers: "Speed","correct":true,"count":"11,745"
Answers: "The Heat","correct":false,"count":"5,413"}]
Answers: "Tanzania","correct":false,"count":"2,002"
Answers: "Morocco","correct":true,"count":"9,605"
Answers: "Kenya","correct":false,"count":"2,057"}]
Answers: "Eggnog","correct":true,"count":"3,447"
Answers: "Hot toddy","correct":false,"count":"4,864"
Answers: "Candy canes","correct":false,"count":"1,744"}]
Answers: "Vancouver","correct":true,"count":"1,381"
Answers: "Edmonton","correct":false,"count":"698"
Answers: "Toronto","correct":false,"count":"1,338"}]
Answers: "Piltdown","correct":false,"count":"155"
Answers: "Porlock","correct":true,"count":"744"
Answers: "Perdition","correct":false,"count":"475"}]
Answers: "Samuel Pickwick","correct":true,"count":"351"
Answers: "Miss Havisham","correct":false,"count":"149"
Answers: "David Copperfield","correct":false,"count":"238"}]
Answers: "Top Gun","correct":true,"count":"275"
Answers: "Cocktail","correct":false,"count":"44"
Answers: "Jerry Maguire","correct":false,"count":"27"}]
Answers: "Jules Verne","correct":true,"count":"188"
Answers: "Herman Melville","correct":false,"count":"29"
Answers: "Jack London","correct":false,"count":"50"}]
Answers: "Treasury secretary","correct":false,"count":"13"
Answers: "Major general","correct":false,"count":"47"
Answers: "State senator","correct":true,"count":"116"}]
Answers: "Bourbon","correct":false,"count":"48"
Answers: "Beer","correct":false,"count":"32"
Answers: "Coffee","correct":true,"count":"28"}]
Answers: "Bowling","correct":false,"count":"602"
Answers: "Cane toad racing","correct":false,"count":"752"
Answers: "Football","correct":true,"count":"88,122"}]
Answers: "USSR","correct":true,"count":"66,855"
Answers: "Finland","correct":false,"count":"5,276"
Answers: "Canada","correct":false,"count":"14,798"}]
Answers: "Offensive","correct":false,"count":"3,510"
Answers: "Personal","correct":false,"count":"12,013"
Answers: "Flagrant","correct":true,"count":"50,485"}]
Answers: "Ohio State","correct":true,"count":"32,887"
Answers: "Florida State","correct":false,"count":"7,365"
Answers: "Auburn","correct":false,"count":"10,542"}]
Answers: "Warriors","correct":true,"count":"21,668"
Answers: "Cavaliers","correct":false,"count":"3,611"
Answers: "Thunder","correct":false,"count":"6,370"}]
Answers: "Premier League","correct":false,"count":"1,647"
Answers: "NASCAR","correct":true,"count":"17,976"
Answers: "PGA","correct":false,"count":"3,240"}]
Answers: "Russell Wilson","correct":false,"count":"2,268"
Answers: "Aaron Rodgers","correct":true,"count":"8,226"
Answers: "Drew Brees","correct":false,"count":"8,043"}]
Answers: "English / French","correct":true,"count":"7,181"
Answers: "English / Spanish","correct":false,"count":"2,327"
Answers: "French / Spanish","correct":false,"count":"275"}]
Answers: "Lions","correct":false,"count":"1,677"
Answers: "Buccaneers","correct":true,"count":"1,829"
Answers: "Raiders","correct":false,"count":"4,053"}]
Answers: "London","correct":true,"count":"2,546"
Answers: "Manchester","correct":false,"count":"34"
Answers: "Newcastle","correct":false,"count":"408"}]
Answers: "New York","correct":true,"count":"1,223"
Answers: "Georgia","correct":false,"count":"639"
Answers: "California","correct":false,"count":"695"}]
Answers: "Bears","correct":false,"count":"559"
Answers: "Chiefs","correct":false,"count":"410"
Answers: "Rams","correct":true,"count":"491"}]
Answers: "Sofia Coppola","correct":true,"count":"287,862"
Answers: "Apollo Creed","correct":false,"count":"37,188"
Answers: "Tony Montana","correct":false,"count":"56,434"}]
Answers: "Citizen Kane","correct":false,"count":"10,437"
Answers: "Back to the Future","correct":true,"count":"277,240"
Answers: "Xanadu","correct":false,"count":"5,236"}]
Answers: "Come Sail Away","correct":false,"count":"9,012"
Answers: "We Are the Champions","correct":true,"count":"257,405"
Answers: "Stairway to Heaven","correct":false,"count":"9,268"}]
Answers: "Don't Breathe","correct":false,"count":"3,793"
Answers: "A Quiet Place","correct":false,"count":"6,222"
Answers: "Bird Box","correct":true,"count":"247,882"}]
Answers: "Marnie","correct":false,"count":"41,472"
Answers: "The Birds","correct":false,"count":"112,114"
Answers: "Dial M for Murder","correct":true,"count":"92,023"}]
Answers: "The Treblemakers","correct":true,"count":"101,413"
Answers: "Chorussaurus Rex","correct":false,"count":"3,196"
Answers: "The Bass Lines","correct":false,"count":"14,672"}]
Answers: "The Devil Wears Prada","correct":false,"count":"21,590"
Answers: "It’s Complicated","correct":true,"count":"61,923"
Answers: "Julie and Julia","correct":false,"count":"19,727"}]
Answers: "Angel","correct":false,"count":"16,417"
Answers: "Torn","correct":false,"count":"12,543"
Answers: "Ironic","correct":true,"count":"38,615"}]
Answers: "Goldie Hawn","correct":true,"count":"21,144"
Answers: "Diane Keaton","correct":false,"count":"8,824"
Answers: "Bette Midler","correct":false,"count":"12,815"}]
Answers: "Blank Check","correct":true,"count":"10,233"
Answers: "Big Fat Liar","correct":false,"count":"6,427"
Answers: "Heavy Weights","correct":false,"count":"9,284"}]
Answers: "Shakespeare in Love","correct":false,"count":"1,884"
Answers: "The Talented Mr. Ripley","correct":true,"count":"8,679"
Answers: "The Royal Tenenbaums","correct":false,"count":"3,077"}]
Answers: "Peanut butter","correct":false,"count":"1,201"
Answers: "Cat whiskers","correct":false,"count":"824"
Answers: "Molecules","correct":true,"count":"192,468"}]
Answers: "Sealines","correct":false,"count":"554"
Answers: "Landlines","correct":true,"count":"188,797"
Answers: "Spacelines","correct":false,"count":"638"}]
Answers: "Baby shark","correct":false,"count":"16,397"
Answers: "Llama","correct":false,"count":"13,233"
Answers: "Egg","correct":true,"count":"152,170"}]
Answers: "United Kingdom","correct":true,"count":"117,546"
Answers: "Greece","correct":false,"count":"10,737"
Answers: "France","correct":false,"count":"23,077"}]
Answers: "Lemon juice","correct":false,"count":"12,115"
Answers: "Oil","correct":true,"count":"89,412"
Answers: "Salt","correct":false,"count":"17,684"}]
Answers: "St. Bernard","correct":false,"count":"18,449"
Answers: "Labradoodle","correct":false,"count":"14,817"
Answers: "Shiba Inu","correct":true,"count":"57,095"}]
Answers: "College","correct":false,"count":"9,561"
Answers: "Europe","correct":true,"count":"28,985"
Answers: "Alternate dimension","correct":false,"count":"20,299"}]
Answers: "SpongeBob Squarepants","correct":false,"count":"5,099"
Answers: "Pee-Wee Herman","correct":false,"count":"11,680"
Answers: "Daria","correct":true,"count":"15,122"}]
Answers: "Rare","correct":false,"count":"2,173"
Answers: "Well done","correct":false,"count":"4,922"
Answers: "Medium rare","correct":true,"count":"9,968"}]
Answers: "Coyote","correct":false,"count":"943"
Answers: "Dog","correct":true,"count":"8,286"
Answers: "Mule","correct":false,"count":"1,872"}]
Answers: "East of Eden","correct":true,"count":"5,152"
Answers: "The Grapes of Wrath","correct":false,"count":"2,157"
Answers: "The Pearl","correct":false,"count":"1,446"}]
Answers: "The Enforcer","correct":false,"count":"696"
Answers: "Dirty Harry","correct":false,"count":"1,708"
Answers: "Sudden Impact","correct":true,"count":"3,324"}]
Answers: "Galoots","correct":false,"count":"9,475"
Answers: "Jumpsuits","correct":false,"count":"9,600"
Answers: "Cahoots","correct":true,"count":"327,368"}]
Answers: "Oat milk","correct":false,"count":"3,181"
Answers: "Seltzer","correct":true,"count":"320,176"
Answers: "Horchata","correct":false,"count":"3,104"}]
Answers: "Ankle","correct":true,"count":"153,139"
Answers: "Knee","correct":false,"count":"79,056"
Answers: "Thigh","correct":false,"count":"80,883"}]
Answers: "Red peppers","correct":true,"count":"117,624"
Answers: "Basil leaves","correct":false,"count":"21,759"
Answers: "Parsley sprigs","correct":false,"count":"20,085"}]
Answers: "Trains","correct":true,"count":"48,556"
Answers: "Buses","correct":false,"count":"22,087"
Answers: "Boats","correct":false,"count":"46,443"}]
Answers: "Floating investment","correct":false,"count":"6,049"
Answers: "Pleasure dividend","correct":false,"count":"7,539"
Answers: "Sunk cost fallacy","correct":true,"count":"37,143"}]
Answers: "Which","correct":true,"count":"18,390"
Answers: "Who","correct":false,"count":"9,161"
Answers: "Where","correct":false,"count":"8,830"}]
Answers: "The Heartbreakers","correct":false,"count":"2,051"
Answers: "The E Street Band","correct":true,"count":"16,395"
Answers: "The Revolution","correct":false,"count":"2,134"}]
Answers: "Delaware","correct":true,"count":"7,317"
Answers: "Rhode Island","correct":false,"count":"4,191"
Answers: "Wyoming","correct":false,"count":"5,337"}]
Answers: "Vogue","correct":false,"count":"828"
Answers: "EW","correct":true,"count":"4,850"
Answers: "O","correct":false,"count":"3,391"}]
Answers: "Chicago Cubs","correct":false,"count":"733"
Answers: "Boston Red Sox","correct":false,"count":"2,514"
Answers: "New York Giants","correct":true,"count":"1,924"}]
Answers: "Ambrosia","correct":false,"count":"522"
Answers: "Turkey","correct":false,"count":"1,035"
Answers: "Mashed potatoes","correct":true,"count":"625"}]
Answers: "Walk With Elias","correct":true,"count":"67,446"
Answers: "Wild Wild East","correct":false,"count":"50,920"}]
Answers: "Every day","correct":true,"count":"48,129"
Answers: "Only Mondays","correct":false,"count":"14,023"
Answers: "Once a year","correct":false,"count":"7,199"}]
Answers: "Shawn Michaels","correct":false,"count":"2,163"
Answers: "Brock Lesnar","correct":true,"count":"43,723"
Answers: "Roman Reigns","correct":false,"count":"3,389"}]
Answers: "Chyna","correct":true,"count":"39,975"
Answers: "Trish Stratus","correct":false,"count":"2,404"
Answers: "Lita","correct":false,"count":"1,916"}]
Answers: "You’ve got mail","correct":false,"count":"1,180"
Answers: "Avoid the Noid","correct":false,"count":"854"}]
Answers: "The American Dream","correct":true,"count":"36,836"
Answers: "Mr. Wonderful","correct":false,"count":"1,000"
Answers: "The Nature Boy","correct":false,"count":"552"}]
Answers: "Bruno Sammartino","correct":true,"count":"27,647"
Answers: "Stone Cold Steve Austin","correct":false,"count":"2,572"
Answers: "Hulk Hogan","correct":false,"count":"5,659"}]
Answers: "Road Dogg","correct":false,"count":"394"
Answers: "X-Pac","correct":true,"count":"28,208"
Answers: "Billy Gunn","correct":false,"count":"679"}]
Answers: "Stone Cold Steve Austin","correct":false,"count":"9,901"
Answers: "Ric Flair","correct":false,"count":"5,639"
Answers: "Vince McMahon","correct":true,"count":"12,514"}]
Answers: "Survivor Series","correct":false,"count":"300"
Answers: "War Games","correct":true,"count":"17,201"
Answers: "Royal Rumble","correct":false,"count":"396"}]
Answers: "El Paso","correct":false,"count":"708"
Answers: "Santa Fe","correct":false,"count":"481"
Answers: "San Diego","correct":true,"count":"15,945"}]
Answers: "John Cena","correct":false,"count":"7,158"
Answers: "CM Punk","correct":false,"count":"3,702"
Answers: "Rob Van Dam","correct":true,"count":"4,788"}]
Answers: "Grey's Anatomy","correct":false,"count":"13,464"
Answers: "Parks and Recreation","correct":false,"count":"24,293"
Answers: "Game of Thrones","correct":true,"count":"295,651"}]
Answers: "Antarctica","correct":true,"count":"295,010"
Answers: "Elon Musk’s bedroom","correct":false,"count":"816"
Answers: "Dairy Queen","correct":false,"count":"630"}]
Answers: "Before skiing","correct":false,"count":"64,000"
Answers: "During skiing","correct":false,"count":"26,371"
Answers: "After skiing","correct":true,"count":"200,282"}]
Answers: "Summer fling","correct":false,"count":"88,613"
Answers: "Significant age gap","correct":true,"count":"108,667"
Answers: "More than two people","correct":false,"count":"7,335"}]
Answers: "France","correct":false,"count":"1,038"
Answers: "Australia","correct":true,"count":"110,037"
Answers: "Norway","correct":false,"count":"5,343"}]
Answers: "Luxury Lounge","correct":false,"count":"9,794"
Answers: "Pine Barrens","correct":true,"count":"86,543"
Answers: "College","correct":false,"count":"12,206"}]
Answers: "The Road Not Taken","correct":true,"count":"39,663"
Answers: "The Road Less Traveled","correct":false,"count":"37,930"
Answers: "The Traveler","correct":false,"count":"10,297"}]
Answers: "Ice cubes","correct":false,"count":"22,022"
Answers: "Snow","correct":false,"count":"3,204"
Answers: "Multiple vests","correct":true,"count":"20,690"}]
Answers: "Twilight","correct":false,"count":"8,403"
Answers: "The Da Vinci Code","correct":false,"count":"4,823"
Answers: "Harry Potter","correct":true,"count":"15,232"}]
Answers: "BBQing","correct":false,"count":"4,288"
Answers: "Sailing","correct":true,"count":"6,819"
Answers: "Water balloon fight","correct":false,"count":"6,239"}]
Answers: "The Revenant","correct":true,"count":"3,218"
Answers: "Frozen","correct":false,"count":"630"
Answers: "The Day After Tomorrow","correct":false,"count":"4,524"}]
Answers: "It's a cold shoulder!","correct":true,"count":"1,187"
Answers: "Cool party!","correct":false,"count":"1,283"
Answers: "Stay cool, bird boy!","correct":false,"count":"1,033"}]
Answers: "Wild abandon","correct":false,"count":"900"
Answers: "Cards","correct":true,"count":"173,493"
Answers: "Half-siblings","correct":false,"count":"462"}]
Answers: "Righteousness","correct":false,"count":"13,384"
Answers: "Tremendousness","correct":false,"count":"499"
Answers: "Happiness","correct":true,"count":"157,205"}]
Answers: "Fat","correct":true,"count":"72,029"
Answers: "Sugar","correct":false,"count":"13,441"
Answers: "Fiber","correct":false,"count":"69,545"}]
Answers: "Robot","correct":false,"count":"2,319"
Answers: "Human","correct":true,"count":"55,947"
Answers: "Iguana","correct":false,"count":"18,325"}]
Answers: "Magnanimous","correct":false,"count":"2,994"
Answers: "Luminous","correct":false,"count":"4,781"
Answers: "Tumultuous","correct":true,"count":"46,710"}]
Answers: "Captain Marvel","correct":false,"count":"5,106"
Answers: "The Lego Movie 2","correct":false,"count":"8,225"
Answers: "John Wick 3","correct":true,"count":"33,958"}]
Answers: "Cider","correct":false,"count":"1,386"
Answers: "Newton","correct":true,"count":"26,756"
Answers: "Fuji","correct":false,"count":"6,839"}]
Answers: "5 black / 7 white","correct":true,"count":"15,803"
Answers: "4 black / 8 white","correct":false,"count":"4,534"
Answers: "6 of each","correct":false,"count":"4,802"}]
Answers: "Steve Buscemi","correct":true,"count":"11,984"
Answers: "John Turturro","correct":false,"count":"3,226"
Answers: "Steven van Zandt","correct":false,"count":"2,136"}]
Answers: "Imperative","correct":true,"count":"6,891"
Answers: "Interrogative","correct":false,"count":"825"
Answers: "Declarative","correct":false,"count":"4,905"}]
Answers: "Isthmus","correct":false,"count":"406"
Answers: "Archipelago","correct":true,"count":"6,941"
Answers: "Peninsula","correct":false,"count":"883"}]
Answers: "Norway","correct":true,"count":"4,794"
Answers: "Iceland","correct":false,"count":"952"
Answers: "Finland","correct":false,"count":"1,317"}]
Answers: "Doctors","correct":true,"count":"427,328"
Answers: "Dentists","correct":false,"count":"1,397"
Answers: "Textbooks","correct":false,"count":"801"}]
Answers: "Seattle","correct":true,"count":"418,081"
Answers: "Hawaii","correct":false,"count":"2,006"
Answers: "Peoria","correct":false,"count":"4,127"}]
Answers: "Good Medicine","correct":false,"count":"11,145"
Answers: "Private Practice","correct":true,"count":"321,237"
Answers: "The Good Doctor","correct":false,"count":"81,394"}]
Answers: "Callie / Arizona","correct":false,"count":"40,094"
Answers: "Cristina / Burke","correct":false,"count":"119,073"
Answers: "Izzie / Alex","correct":true,"count":"164,334"}]
Answers: "Ocean","correct":false,"count":"38,817"
Answers: "Stars","correct":false,"count":"63,990"
Answers: "Sun","correct":true,"count":"90,915"}]
Answers: "No more lies","correct":false,"count":"7,033"
Answers: "No running","correct":true,"count":"71,236"
Answers: "No secrets","correct":false,"count":"27,285"}]
Answers: "McSexy","correct":false,"count":"12,263"
Answers: "McGorgeous","correct":true,"count":"40,897"
Answers: "McYummy","correct":false,"count":"21,865"}]
Answers: "Come back.","correct":false,"count":"4,882"
Answers: "Derek, please.","correct":false,"count":"8,114"
Answers: "We’ll be fine.","correct":true,"count":"33,017"}]
Answers: "I’m sorry.","correct":false,"count":"2,197"
Answers: "Hi!","correct":false,"count":"1,842"
Answers: "Yes, I’ll marry you.","correct":true,"count":"18,632"}]
Answers: "George","correct":false,"count":"2,681"
Answers: "Cristina","correct":true,"count":"7,529"
Answers: "Alex","correct":false,"count":"8,675"}]
Answers: "You were a surgeon.","correct":true,"count":"3,371"
Answers: "Thanks, Mom.","correct":false,"count":"1,869"
Answers: "Nice to meet you, Derek.","correct":false,"count":"4,507"}]
Answers: "Gak","correct":false,"count":"3,278"
Answers: "Creamy peanut butter","correct":false,"count":"1,373"
Answers: "Cement","correct":true,"count":"284,519"}]
Answers: "Refuse","correct":true,"count":"276,748"
Answers: "Understand","correct":false,"count":"3,155"
Answers: "Hit or miss","correct":false,"count":"1,410"}]
Answers: "Hollandaise","correct":false,"count":"3,441"
Answers: "Au jus","correct":false,"count":"669"
Answers: "Vinaigrette","correct":true,"count":"270,575"}]
Answers: "Public speaking","correct":true,"count":"73,259"
Answers: "Mirrors","correct":false,"count":"161,070"
Answers: "Success","correct":false,"count":"29,247"}]
Answers: "Harry S. Truman","correct":true,"count":"50,511"
Answers: "Dwight D. Eisenhower","correct":false,"count":"17,102"
Answers: "Franklin D. Roosevelt","correct":false,"count":"19,404"}]
Answers: "Yesterday","correct":true,"count":"34,269"
Answers: "Let It Be","correct":false,"count":"13,829"
Answers: "Penny","correct":false,"count":"4,633"}]
Answers: "Germany","correct":false,"count":"3,086"
Answers: "Croatia","correct":true,"count":"21,839"
Answers: "Czech Republic","correct":false,"count":"10,997"}]
Answers: "Tea cake","correct":false,"count":"1,629"
Answers: "Lollipop","correct":true,"count":"19,292"
Answers: "Licorice","correct":false,"count":"2,440"}]
Answers: "Space Invaders","correct":false,"count":"3,485"
Answers: "Galaxian","correct":true,"count":"13,850"
Answers: "Rally-X","correct":false,"count":"1,245"}]
Answers: "Microchimp","correct":true,"count":"6,741"
Answers: "Pocketpup","correct":false,"count":"976"
Answers: "Kutiekat","correct":false,"count":"6,820"}]
Answers: "Tallahassee","correct":false,"count":"526"
Answers: "Albany","correct":true,"count":"2,979"
Answers: "Cheyenne","correct":false,"count":"5,447"}]
Answers: "John Legend","correct":false,"count":"1,067"
Answers: "Andrew Lloyd Webber","correct":false,"count":"1,054"
Answers: "Quincy Jones","correct":true,"count":"2,734"}]
Answers: "Frog toes","correct":false,"count":"1,677"
Answers: "Duck lips","correct":false,"count":"2,731"
Answers: "Goose bumps","correct":true,"count":"288,835"}]
Answers: "Milliner","correct":true,"count":"275,519"
Answers: "Millionaire","correct":false,"count":"4,509"
Answers: "Millie Bobby Brown","correct":false,"count":"5,635"}]
Answers: "Instagram","correct":false,"count":"10,285"
Answers: "WhatsApp","correct":false,"count":"13,746"
Answers: "Snapchat","correct":true,"count":"249,041"}]
Answers: "Charles","correct":true,"count":"137,274"
Answers: "Chadwick","correct":false,"count":"51,031"
Answers: "Charbonneau","correct":false,"count":"56,924"}]
Answers: "Golden rectangle","correct":false,"count":"16,196"
Answers: "Snake eating own tail","correct":true,"count":"92,485"
Answers: "Obelisk","correct":false,"count":"33,713"}]
Answers: "Neve Campbell","correct":false,"count":"11,066"
Answers: "Scott Wolf","correct":false,"count":"15,634"
Answers: "Jennifer Love Hewitt","correct":true,"count":"66,935"}]
Answers: "The Crimson","correct":true,"count":"49,546"
Answers: "The Lantern","correct":false,"count":"11,651"
Answers: "The Spectator","correct":false,"count":"9,821"}]
Answers: "New York Knicks","correct":false,"count":"7,739"
Answers: "Utah Jazz","correct":true,"count":"38,069"
Answers: "Houston Rockets","correct":false,"count":"5,505"}]
Answers: "Waiting room theory","correct":false,"count":"10,501"
Answers: "Interruption logic","correct":false,"count":"9,292"
Answers: "Secretary problem","correct":true,"count":"18,580"}]
Answers: "Voltaire","correct":true,"count":"19,061"
Answers: "Sophocles","correct":false,"count":"2,903"
Answers: "Shakespeare","correct":false,"count":"782"}]
Answers: "Cute flirts","correct":true,"count":"15,090"
Answers: "Men’s shirts","correct":false,"count":"1,186"
Answers: "Short skirts","correct":false,"count":"2,833"}]
Answers: "Chewie, we’re home.","correct":false,"count":"3,290"
Answers: "I know.","correct":true,"count":"4,608"
Answers: "Do or do not.","correct":false,"count":"7,735"}]
Answers: "Sink disposal","correct":false,"count":"1,716"
Answers: "Front door","correct":false,"count":"5,802"
Answers: "Chimney","correct":true,"count":"464,049"}]
Answers: "Chips","correct":true,"count":"399,674"
Answers: "Hammers","correct":false,"count":"13,669"
Answers: "Bones","correct":false,"count":"41,108"}]
Answers: "The Netherlands","correct":true,"count":"337,982"
Answers: "Switzerland","correct":false,"count":"27,125"
Answers: "Belgium","correct":false,"count":"34,132"}]
Answers: "Gummi Barry","correct":true,"count":"151,831"
Answers: "Mr. Mint","correct":false,"count":"67,555"
Answers: "Gramma Nutt","correct":false,"count":"116,006"}]
Answers: "Mount Stromboli","correct":false,"count":"3,062"
Answers: "Mount Etna","correct":false,"count":"14,601"
Answers: "Mount Vesuvius","correct":true,"count":"151,977"}]
Answers: "Pipe organ","correct":false,"count":"33,789"
Answers: "Violin","correct":true,"count":"46,046"
Answers: "Clarinet","correct":false,"count":"72,453"}]
Answers: "El Dorado","correct":false,"count":"3,184"
Answers: "Shangri-La","correct":false,"count":"7,912"
Answers: "Atlantis","correct":true,"count":"46,640"}]
Answers: "Mafalda","correct":true,"count":"24,464"
Answers: "Arancini","correct":false,"count":"11,958"
Answers: "Polenta","correct":false,"count":"10,998"}]
Answers: "Bus driver","correct":false,"count":"1,521"
Answers: "Actuary","correct":false,"count":"3,085"
Answers: "Cartoonist","correct":true,"count":"24,034"}]
Answers: "Don Henley","correct":true,"count":"14,674"
Answers: "Paul McCartney","correct":false,"count":"3,403"
Answers: "Stevie Nicks","correct":false,"count":"6,324"}]
Answers: "Ohio","correct":false,"count":"1,397"
Answers: "Nepal","correct":false,"count":"10,241"
Answers: "Aruba","correct":true,"count":"4,943"}]
Answers: "CSI","correct":true,"count":"8,540"
Answers: "That ’70s Show","correct":false,"count":"617"
Answers: "The Wonder Years","correct":false,"count":"1,017"}]
Answers: "Two yards","correct":false,"count":"731"
Answers: "Two leagues","correct":false,"count":"2,856"
Answers: "Two fathoms","correct":true,"count":"5,102"}]
Answers: "Netball","correct":false,"count":"887"
Answers: "Tetherball","correct":false,"count":"3,289"
Answers: "Croquet","correct":true,"count":"1,447"}]
Answers: "Tanzania","correct":true,"count":"1,034"
Answers: "Zambia","correct":false,"count":"328"
Answers: "Swaziland","correct":false,"count":"300"}]
Answers: "Downside kick","correct":false,"count":"2,617"
Answers: "Onside kick","correct":true,"count":"93,684"
Answers: "Offside kick","correct":false,"count":"12,294"}]
Answers: "Michigan","correct":true,"count":"68,078"
Answers: "Duke","correct":false,"count":"19,221"
Answers: "Kentucky","correct":false,"count":"5,866"}]
Answers: "NFL","correct":false,"count":"2,898"
Answers: "NBA","correct":false,"count":"18,910"
Answers: "MLB","correct":true,"count":"45,949"}]
Answers: "Sloane Stephens","correct":true,"count":"21,564"
Answers: "Serena Williams","correct":false,"count":"15,223"
Answers: "Madison Keys","correct":false,"count":"10,123"}]
Answers: "Quarterback","correct":false,"count":"1,640"
Answers: "Kicker","correct":true,"count":"21,729"
Answers: "Longsnapper","correct":false,"count":"1,165"}]
Answers: "David Price","correct":true,"count":"4,939"
Answers: "Clayton Kershaw","correct":false,"count":"6,662"
Answers: "Max Scherzer","correct":false,"count":"9,523"}]
Answers: "Joel Embiid","correct":false,"count":"1,446"
Answers: "Jayson Tatum","correct":true,"count":"4,777"
Answers: "Lonzo Ball","correct":false,"count":"1,615"}]
Answers: "New York Islanders","correct":true,"count":"2,235"
Answers: "Montreal Canadiens","correct":false,"count":"1,329"
Answers: "Edmonton Oilers","correct":false,"count":"1,504"}]
Answers: "Spain","correct":false,"count":"168"
Answers: "Argentina","correct":false,"count":"506"
Answers: "Brazil","correct":true,"count":"1,924"}]
Answers: "Dario Franchitti","correct":true,"count":"1,249"
Answers: "Marco Andretti","correct":false,"count":"298"
Answers: "Danica Patrick","correct":false,"count":"462"}]
Answers: "Philadelphia 76ers","correct":false,"count":"35"
Answers: "Houston Rockets","correct":false,"count":"294"
Answers: "Oklahoma City Thunder","correct":true,"count":"1,048"}]
Answers: "Franco Harris","correct":false,"count":"166"
Answers: "Lynn Swann","correct":true,"count":"739"
Answers: "Terry Bradshaw","correct":false,"count":"180"}]
Answers: "Mortgage","correct":false,"count":"16,693"
Answers: "Rent","correct":true,"count":"540,095"
Answers: "Sub-lease","correct":false,"count":"10,172"}]
Answers: "Matilda","correct":false,"count":"13,156"
Answers: "Oliver","correct":false,"count":"8,080"
Answers: "Annie","correct":true,"count":"517,121"}]
Answers: "Wicked","correct":false,"count":"160,156"
Answers: "Gypsy","correct":false,"count":"34,902"
Answers: "In the Heights","correct":true,"count":"209,865"}]
Answers: "Cats!","correct":true,"count":"192,566"
Answers: "Oklahoma!","correct":false,"count":"18,674"
Answers: "Hello, Dolly!","correct":false,"count":"15,786"}]
Answers: "Punk","correct":false,"count":"34,738"
Answers: "Snob","correct":true,"count":"90,496"
Answers: "Brat","correct":false,"count":"66,721"}]
Answers: "Eat at Sardi’s","correct":true,"count":"42,759"
Answers: "Tour the country","correct":false,"count":"13,045"
Answers: "Get out of debt","correct":false,"count":"52,167"}]
Answers: "Edna Turnblad","correct":true,"count":"25,954"
Answers: "Jean Valjean","correct":false,"count":"16,509"
Answers: "Evita","correct":false,"count":"13,852"}]
Answers: "Dreamgirls","correct":true,"count":"11,862"
Answers: "Les Misérables","correct":false,"count":"4,137"
Answers: "Phantom of the Opera","correct":false,"count":"14,728"}]
Answers: "Italian","correct":true,"count":"8,114"
Answers: "Spanish","correct":false,"count":"2,812"
Answers: "Mandarin","correct":false,"count":"3,999"}]
Answers: "The Sound of Music","correct":false,"count":"2,315"
Answers: "The King and I","correct":false,"count":"3,829"
Answers: "Camelot","correct":true,"count":"3,302"}]
Answers: "Aquarius","correct":true,"count":"3,039"
Answers: "At the Ballet","correct":false,"count":"617"
Answers: "Something’s Coming","correct":false,"count":"861"}]
Answers: "Ostriches","correct":false,"count":"1,994"
Answers: "Ocelots","correct":false,"count":"1,398"
Answers: "Oysters","correct":true,"count":"205,041"}]
Answers: "Red Panda","correct":false,"count":"1,537"
Answers: "Green Puma","correct":false,"count":"884"
Answers: "Black Panther","correct":true,"count":"196,207"}]
Answers: "Limerick","correct":true,"count":"147,779"
Answers: "Haiku","correct":false,"count":"18,690"
Answers: "Dublin","correct":false,"count":"27,836"}]
Answers: "Beatles","correct":true,"count":"62,341"
Answers: "E-Street Band","correct":false,"count":"36,973"
Answers: "Heartbreakers","correct":false,"count":"48,412"}]
Answers: "Batman Begins","correct":true,"count":"27,282"
Answers: "Batman v Superman","correct":false,"count":"12,575"
Answers: "Batman Returns","correct":false,"count":"24,733"}]
Answers: "Tight end","correct":false,"count":"9,903"
Answers: "Fullback","correct":true,"count":"18,198"
Answers: "Sweeper","correct":false,"count":"2,456"}]
Answers: "BlacKkKlansman","correct":false,"count":"2,912"
Answers: "The Favourite","correct":false,"count":"2,441"
Answers: "Mary Poppins Returns","correct":true,"count":"13,346"}]
Answers: "Montana","correct":false,"count":"2,007"
Answers: "Wyoming","correct":false,"count":"2,779"
Answers: "Idaho","correct":true,"count":"8,755"}]
Answers: "Princess Angela","correct":false,"count":"483"
Answers: "Princess Daisy","correct":true,"count":"6,586"
Answers: "Princess Plum","correct":false,"count":"2,370"}]
Answers: "Angela Lansbury","correct":false,"count":"824"
Answers: "Peter Falk","correct":true,"count":"4,366"
Answers: "Telly Savalas","correct":false,"count":"1,797"}]
Answers: "Yves Saint Laurent","correct":true,"count":"1,178"
Answers: "Coco Chanel","correct":false,"count":"1,823"
Answers: "Jean Paul Gaultier","correct":false,"count":"1,897"}]
Answers: "Ronald Reagan","correct":false,"count":"835"
Answers: "Jimmy Carter","correct":false,"count":"792"
Answers: "Richard Nixon","correct":true,"count":"442"}]
Answers: "Red carpet","correct":true,"count":"355,161"
Answers: "Ja Rule","correct":false,"count":"2,305"
Answers: "Sushi","correct":false,"count":"1,356"}]
Answers: "Junior","correct":true,"count":"307,622"
Answers: "Senior","correct":false,"count":"21,336"
Answers: "Sophomore","correct":false,"count":"20,892"}]
Answers: "County","correct":false,"count":"16,422"
Answers: "District","correct":true,"count":"294,225"
Answers: "Territory","correct":false,"count":"9,594"}]
Answers: "Trombone","correct":false,"count":"35,766"
Answers: "Trumpet","correct":true,"count":"257,957"
Answers: "Triangle","correct":false,"count":"1,434"}]
Answers: "Samsung","correct":false,"count":"9,651"
Answers: "Acer","correct":false,"count":"73,317"
Answers: "Nokia","correct":true,"count":"176,561"}]
Answers: "Añejo","correct":true,"count":"97,104"
Answers: "Reposado","correct":false,"count":"70,616"
Answers: "Plato","correct":false,"count":"15,384"}]
Answers: "Soccer","correct":false,"count":"21,883"
Answers: "Doubles tennis","correct":true,"count":"56,003"
Answers: "Volleyball","correct":false,"count":"26,075"}]
Answers: "Bengali","correct":true,"count":"31,095"
Answers: "Hindi","correct":false,"count":"6,838"
Answers: "Urdu","correct":false,"count":"24,225"}]
Answers: "Destiny","correct":true,"count":"16,627"
Answers: "Fortnite","correct":false,"count":"10,429"
Answers: "Overwatch","correct":false,"count":"7,836"}]
Answers: "Whole Earth Catalog","correct":true,"count":"10,357"
Answers: "Hacky Sack","correct":false,"count":"2,910"
Answers: "Apple Inc.","correct":false,"count":"6,135"}]
Answers: "Mother Teresa","correct":false,"count":"2,269"
Answers: "Martin Luther King, Jr.","correct":false,"count":"3,821"
Answers: "Mahatma Gandhi","correct":true,"count":"5,737"}]
Answers: "Comedy","correct":false,"count":"3,891"
Answers: "Thriller","correct":true,"count":"842"
Answers: "Musical","correct":false,"count":"2,069"}]
Answers: "NBA point guard","correct":true,"count":"100,461"
Answers: "NHL goalie","correct":false,"count":"1,789"
Answers: "NFL wide receiver","correct":false,"count":"3,642"}]
Answers: "Pete Sampras","correct":false,"count":"16,641"
Answers: "Andy Murray","correct":true,"count":"74,437"
Answers: "Björn Borg","correct":false,"count":"10,023"}]
Answers: "Detroit Pistons","correct":false,"count":"8,662"
Answers: "Los Angeles Lakers","correct":false,"count":"28,232"
Answers: "Utah Jazz","correct":true,"count":"53,174"}]
Answers: "Hits","correct":false,"count":"17,821"
Answers: "Doubles","correct":true,"count":"30,912"
Answers: "Walks","correct":false,"count":"14,919"}]
Answers: "Alex Morgan","correct":true,"count":"9,920"
Answers: "Carli Lloyd","correct":false,"count":"4,717"
Answers: "Abby Wambach","correct":false,"count":"21,255"}]
Answers: "Mark Henry","correct":true,"count":"7,027"
Answers: "Brock Lesner","correct":false,"count":"4,335"
Answers: "Dwayne Johnson","correct":false,"count":"813"}]
Answers: "Sidney Crosby","correct":false,"count":"1,345"
Answers: "Alex Ovechkin","correct":true,"count":"2,725"
Answers: "Connor McDavid","correct":false,"count":"3,223"}]
Answers: "Royals","correct":true,"count":"2,337"
Answers: "Indians","correct":false,"count":"369"
Answers: "Tigers","correct":false,"count":"525"}]
Answers: "Colin Kaepernick","correct":true,"count":"1,079"
Answers: "Andy Dalton","correct":false,"count":"700"
Answers: "Cam Newton","correct":false,"count":"605"}]
Answers: "Mookie Betts","correct":true,"count":"627"
Answers: "Mike Trout","correct":false,"count":"301"
Answers: "Jacob DeGrom","correct":false,"count":"325"}]
Answers: "Raiders","correct":false,"count":"125"
Answers: "Cardinals","correct":true,"count":"274"
Answers: "Bills","correct":false,"count":"315"}]
Answers: "Wing","correct":false,"count":"150"
Answers: "Center","correct":false,"count":"137"
Answers: "Defense","correct":true,"count":"64"}]
Answers: "Man in the Mirror","correct":false,"count":"9,040"
Answers: "Thriller","correct":true,"count":"335,476"
Answers: "Bad","correct":false,"count":"4,543"}]
Answers: "Lou Bega","correct":false,"count":"20,052"
Answers: "Psy","correct":true,"count":"309,446"
Answers: "t.a.T.u.","correct":false,"count":"15,459"}]
Answers: "...Baby One More Time","correct":false,"count":"37,804"
Answers: "Britney","correct":false,"count":"116,798"
Answers: "In the Zone","correct":true,"count":"172,217"}]
Answers: "Parks and Recreation","correct":false,"count":"50,127"
Answers: "Master of None","correct":false,"count":"29,265"
Answers: "Atlanta","correct":true,"count":"145,242"}]
Answers: "Paparazzi","correct":false,"count":"29,258"
Answers: "Kim Kardashian","correct":false,"count":"27,040"
Answers: "Ballerinas","correct":true,"count":"98,937"}]
Answers: "Stop sign","correct":false,"count":"9,541"
Answers: "Store window","correct":false,"count":"31,542"
Answers: "Fire hydrant","correct":true,"count":"62,699"}]
Answers: "Malibu","correct":false,"count":"4,517"
Answers: "Miami","correct":true,"count":"60,667"
Answers: "Maui","correct":false,"count":"2,431"}]
Answers: "William Shatner","correct":false,"count":"6,229"
Answers: "Ralph Macchio","correct":false,"count":"6,924"
Answers: "David Hasselhoff","correct":true,"count":"47,102"}]
Answers: "Driver’s seat","correct":false,"count":"2,397"
Answers: "Back seat","correct":true,"count":"40,931"
Answers: "Front seat","correct":false,"count":"6,131"}]
Answers: "Tennis whites","correct":true,"count":"28,232"
Answers: "Ballet leotard","correct":false,"count":"4,673"
Answers: "Tracksuit","correct":false,"count":"9,067"}]
Answers: "Spiderman: Homecoming","correct":true,"count":"5,377"
Answers: "Black Panther","correct":false,"count":"4,332"
Answers: "Guardians of the Galaxy","correct":false,"count":"21,107"}]
Answers: "Pet Sematary","correct":true,"count":"2,505"
Answers: "Fight Club","correct":false,"count":"4,607"
Answers: "American Psycho","correct":false,"count":"5,349"}]
Answers: "Circle","correct":true,"count":"200,003"
Answers: "Pentagon","correct":false,"count":"831"
Answers: "Heptagon","correct":false,"count":"497"}]
Answers: "Bond. James Bond.","correct":true,"count":"191,333"
Answers: "James. James Bond.","correct":false,"count":"7,631"
Answers: "Bond Bond James Bond Jim","correct":false,"count":"659"}]
Answers: "Oregon","correct":false,"count":"19,125"
Answers: "Texas","correct":false,"count":"19,621"
Answers: "Nevada","correct":true,"count":"152,821"}]
Answers: "Young Indiana Jones","correct":false,"count":"17,895"
Answers: "Young Tony Soprano","correct":true,"count":"122,270"
Answers: "Young Luke Skywalker","correct":false,"count":"17,657"}]
Answers: "Saxophone","correct":true,"count":"77,428"
Answers: "Xylophone","correct":false,"count":"25,844"
Answers: "Timpani","correct":false,"count":"20,682"}]
Answers: "Pacific","correct":true,"count":"57,436"
Answers: "Atlantic","correct":false,"count":"18,630"
Answers: "Southern","correct":false,"count":"3,352"}]
Answers: "Tom yum goong","correct":true,"count":"31,770"
Answers: "Bibimbap","correct":false,"count":"15,518"
Answers: "Yakitori","correct":false,"count":"11,738"}]
Answers: "Trees","correct":true,"count":"15,629"
Answers: "Color","correct":false,"count":"9,425"
Answers: "Hills","correct":false,"count":"9,163"}]
Answers: "Nyquist","correct":true,"count":"12,878"
Answers: "Zicam","correct":false,"count":"1,151"
Answers: "Sambucol","correct":false,"count":"4,575"}]
Answers: "Camel","correct":false,"count":"4,424"
Answers: "Hippopotamus","correct":false,"count":"1,914"
Answers: "Rhinoceros","correct":true,"count":"7,280"}]
Answers: "Fire Bro","correct":false,"count":"642"
Answers: "Boomerang Bro","correct":false,"count":"923"
Answers: "Sumo Bro","correct":true,"count":"6,911"}]
Answers: "Lewis Carroll","correct":false,"count":"1,745"
Answers: "Edward Lear","correct":true,"count":"4,252"
Answers: "Ogden Nash","correct":false,"count":"925"}]
Answers: "Fire-breathing dragon","correct":false,"count":"34,375"
Answers: "Poisonous tree frog","correct":false,"count":"47,479"
Answers: "Miniature horse","correct":true,"count":"349,580"}]
Answers: "You just got jammed!","correct":true,"count":"344,336"
Answers: "Eat my shorts!","correct":false,"count":"37,746"
Answers: "Whoa!","correct":false,"count":"21,097"}]
Answers: "Vincent van Gogh","correct":false,"count":"106,337"
Answers: "Banksy","correct":false,"count":"59,681"
Answers: "Leonardo da Vinci","correct":true,"count":"208,379"}]
Answers: "March 31","correct":true,"count":"184,250"
Answers: "His birthday","correct":false,"count":"65,487"
Answers: "Christmas","correct":false,"count":"27,466"}]
Answers: "Get Out of Rules Free","correct":false,"count":"11,607"
Answers: "I can do what I want","correct":true,"count":"187,654"
Answers: "Shhhh","correct":false,"count":"8,568"}]
Answers: "Manicures","correct":false,"count":"76,767"
Answers: "Malbec","correct":false,"count":"10,842"
Answers: "Massages","correct":true,"count":"99,617"}]
Answers: "Fiddler on the Roof","correct":false,"count":"7,749"
Answers: "Mamma Mia!","correct":false,"count":"19,560"
Answers: "Grease","correct":true,"count":"85,034"}]
Answers: "Orange juice","correct":false,"count":"11,220"
Answers: "Sugar","correct":true,"count":"35,672"
Answers: "Kahlua","correct":false,"count":"41,214"}]
Answers: "Yelling at a sandwich","correct":false,"count":"13,064"
Answers: "Attacking an animal","correct":true,"count":"14,714"
Answers: "Literal money laundering","correct":false,"count":"17,081"}]
Answers: "Graceful mogwai","correct":true,"count":"15,855"
Answers: "Noble land-mermaid","correct":false,"count":"947"
Answers: "Beautiful spinster","correct":false,"count":"2,806"}]
Answers: "Whipped cream","correct":false,"count":"5,420"
Answers: "Ice cream","correct":false,"count":"6,425"
Answers: "No topping","correct":true,"count":"4,330"}]
Answers: "Knope Wins!","correct":true,"count":"1,794"
Answers: "Knope 2012!","correct":false,"count":"1,122"
Answers: "Knope We Can!","correct":false,"count":"3,633"}]
Answers: "Steel","correct":true,"count":"297,456"
Answers: "Few words","correct":false,"count":"2,549"
Answers: "La Mancha","correct":false,"count":"669"}]
Answers: "Must of been","correct":false,"count":"9,093"
Answers: "Must had been","correct":false,"count":"9,411"
Answers: "Must have been","correct":true,"count":"277,270"}]
Answers: "Turtle","correct":false,"count":"3,198"
Answers: "Human","correct":false,"count":"1,418"
Answers: "Shark","correct":true,"count":"284,455"}]
Answers: "Switzerland","correct":true,"count":"154,019"
Answers: "Belgium","correct":false,"count":"97,135"
Answers: "Netherlands","correct":false,"count":"29,918"}]
Answers: "Howard Stern","correct":false,"count":"17,122"
Answers: "Ryan Seacrest","correct":false,"count":"13,229"
Answers: "Paula Abdul","correct":true,"count":"159,799"}]
Answers: "Barista","correct":false,"count":"5,498"
Answers: "Babysitter","correct":true,"count":"138,278"
Answers: "Pastry chef","correct":false,"count":"19,128"}]
Answers: "Kumquat","correct":false,"count":"32,256"
Answers: "Pummelo","correct":false,"count":"90,385"
Answers: "Lemon","correct":true,"count":"16,239"}]
Answers: "Queen of Hearts","correct":false,"count":"8,459"
Answers: "Mad Hatter","correct":true,"count":"10,140"
Answers: "Cheshire Cat","correct":false,"count":"12,973"}]
Answers: "Spiritual","correct":false,"count":"3,508"
Answers: "Physical","correct":false,"count":"3,214"
Answers: "Mental","correct":true,"count":"5,098"}]
Answers: "Donkey Kong 3","correct":false,"count":"669"
Answers: "Donkey Konga","correct":false,"count":"462"
Answers: "Donkey Kong Country","correct":true,"count":"4,446"}]
Answers: "Peace","correct":false,"count":"560"
Answers: "Literature","correct":true,"count":"2,442"
Answers: "Chemistry","correct":false,"count":"1,436"}]
Answers: "Jerry Lee Lewis","correct":false,"count":"468"
Answers: "Chuck Berry","correct":true,"count":"1,506"
Answers: "Little Richard","correct":false,"count":"674"}]
Answers: "Milk","correct":true,"count":"292,025"
Answers: "Hot liquid magma","correct":false,"count":"1,388"
Answers: "Tears","correct":false,"count":"4,039"}]
Answers: "Crazy","correct":true,"count":"284,764"
Answers: "Hawaiian","correct":false,"count":"5,336"
Answers: "To That Rummage Sale","correct":false,"count":"2,820"}]
Answers: "Anthology","correct":true,"count":"248,365"
Answers: "Archaeology","correct":false,"count":"9,170"
Answers: "Anthropology","correct":false,"count":"29,787"}]
Answers: "Chameleon","correct":false,"count":"17,225"
Answers: "Piranha","correct":true,"count":"183,859"
Answers: "Tarantula","correct":false,"count":"61,401"}]
Answers: "Marmalade","correct":true,"count":"151,920"
Answers: "Jelly","correct":false,"count":"12,962"
Answers: "Compote","correct":false,"count":"45,549"}]
Answers: "Make Eggs Very Messily","correct":false,"count":"41,633"
Answers: "My Vile Ego-Mania","correct":true,"count":"77,506"
Answers: "Mom’s Vigor Might Ebb","correct":false,"count":"21,289"}]
Answers: "Yellow","correct":false,"count":"41,527"
Answers: "Blue","correct":true,"count":"37,736"
Answers: "Red","correct":false,"count":"5,451"}]
Answers: "Distill it","correct":true,"count":"20,507"
Answers: "Fortify it","correct":false,"count":"11,024"
Answers: "Sweeten it","correct":false,"count":"10,773"}]
Answers: "Pathos","correct":false,"count":"7,209"
Answers: "Bathos","correct":true,"count":"8,403"
Answers: "Ethos","correct":false,"count":"7,167"}]
Answers: "Usahana","correct":false,"count":"1,136"
Answers: "Pannapitta","correct":false,"count":"1,675"
Answers: "Chibimaru","correct":true,"count":"7,589"}]
Answers: "Galaxy","correct":true,"count":"6,255"
Answers: "Mate","correct":false,"count":"621"
Answers: "Xperia","correct":false,"count":"1,127"}]
Answers: "8-pointed star","correct":false,"count":"1,552"
Answers: "Mickey Mouse ears","correct":false,"count":"2,429"
Answers: "Disney family crest","correct":true,"count":"2,510"}]
Answers: "DM","correct":false,"count":"7,217"
Answers: "Delta","correct":false,"count":"2,716"
Answers: "Dumps","correct":true,"count":"443,910"}]
Answers: "Martha","correct":true,"count":"447,141"
Answers: "Brooklynn","correct":false,"count":"3,336"
Answers: "Stormy","correct":false,"count":"2,036"}]
Answers: "Edgar Rice Burroughs","correct":false,"count":"67,332"
Answers: "J. Edgar Hoover","correct":false,"count":"53,754"
Answers: "Arthur Conan Doyle","correct":true,"count":"324,685"}]
Answers: "Cribbage","correct":false,"count":"12,258"
Answers: "Blackjack","correct":true,"count":"338,815"
Answers: "Gin rummy","correct":false,"count":"20,378"}]
Answers: "Overwrought","correct":false,"count":"79,279"
Answers: "Laconic","correct":true,"count":"152,617"
Answers: "Irresolute","correct":false,"count":"111,243"}]
Answers: "Back","correct":true,"count":"96,830"
Answers: "Belly","correct":false,"count":"69,152"
Answers: "Ribs","correct":false,"count":"7,692"}]
Answers: "Magpie","correct":true,"count":"74,937"
Answers: "Kite","correct":false,"count":"15,857"
Answers: "Harrier","correct":false,"count":"14,113"}]
Answers: "China","correct":true,"count":"39,198"
Answers: "Russia","correct":false,"count":"14,510"
Answers: "USA","correct":false,"count":"23,612"}]
Answers: "Water running","correct":false,"count":"4,578"
Answers: "Humming","correct":false,"count":"10,541"
Answers: "White noise","correct":true,"count":"33,293"}]
Answers: "Europe","correct":false,"count":"4,473"
Answers: "Africa","correct":false,"count":"8,250"
Answers: "Asia","correct":true,"count":"22,714"}]
Answers: "Elinor Dashwood","correct":true,"count":"1,843"
Answers: "Elizabeth Bennet","correct":false,"count":"8,210"
Answers: "Emma Woodhouse","correct":false,"count":"14,950"}]
Answers: "Jack Benny","correct":false,"count":"978"
Answers: "Don Rickles","correct":false,"count":"4,509"
Answers: "Henny Youngman","correct":true,"count":"4,054"}]
Answers: "Romania","correct":true,"count":"3,548"
Answers: "Ukraine","correct":false,"count":"226"
Answers: "Moldova","correct":false,"count":"446"}]
Answers: "Orbital","correct":false,"count":"247"
Answers: "Genetic","correct":true,"count":"1,944"
Answers: "Titration","correct":false,"count":"1,361"}]
Answers: "SeaQuest DSV","correct":false,"count":"620"
Answers: "Space: 1999","correct":false,"count":"561"
Answers: "Lost in Space","correct":true,"count":"793"}]
Answers: "Super Bowl","correct":true,"count":"107,635"
Answers: "Quidditch Cup","correct":false,"count":"591"
Answers: "Chessboxing Finals","correct":false,"count":"190"}]
Answers: "Infield","correct":true,"count":"89,183"
Answers: "Outfield","correct":false,"count":"17,689"
Answers: "Pitcher’s mound","correct":false,"count":"801"}]
Answers: "Carmelo Anthony","correct":false,"count":"16,269"
Answers: "Anthony Davis","correct":true,"count":"77,871"
Answers: "Damian Lillard","correct":false,"count":"8,888"}]
Answers: "Trade deadline","correct":false,"count":"15,511"
Answers: "Transfer window","correct":true,"count":"77,833"
Answers: "SuperDraft","correct":false,"count":"4,074"}]
Answers: "San Antonio Spurs","correct":false,"count":"20,813"
Answers: "Miami Heat","correct":false,"count":"30,499"
Answers: "Oklahoma City Thunder","correct":true,"count":"37,933"}]
Answers: "Chicago Bears","correct":true,"count":"23,109"
Answers: "Baltimore Ravens","correct":false,"count":"13,960"
Answers: "Pittsburgh Steelers","correct":false,"count":"19,324"}]
Answers: "Steve Nash","correct":false,"count":"11,132"
Answers: "David Robinson","correct":true,"count":"10,394"
Answers: "Charles Barkley","correct":false,"count":"3,453"}]
Answers: "Simona Halep","correct":false,"count":"2,978"
Answers: "Sloane Stephens","correct":false,"count":"2,398"
Answers: "Caroline Wozniacki","correct":true,"count":"6,123"}]
Answers: "Cal Ripken Jr.","correct":false,"count":"2,097"
Answers: "Babe Ruth","correct":false,"count":"589"
Answers: "Ken Griffey Jr.","correct":true,"count":"4,234"}]
Answers: "Iowa State","correct":false,"count":"2,033"
Answers: "Ohio State","correct":false,"count":"1,090"
Answers: "Cornell","correct":true,"count":"1,497"}]
Answers: "Brazil","correct":false,"count":"1,127"
Answers: "Australia","correct":false,"count":"460"
Answers: "United Kingdom","correct":true,"count":"526"}]
Answers: "Rafael Nadal","correct":false,"count":"60"
Answers: "Novak Djokovic","correct":true,"count":"99"
Answers: "Roger Federer","correct":false,"count":"685"}]
Answers: "The Godfather: Part II","correct":true,"count":"345,359"
Answers: "Grease 2","correct":false,"count":"11,332"
Answers: "Speed 2: Cruise Control","correct":false,"count":"5,892"}]
Answers: "Letters","correct":true,"count":"353,070"
Answers: "Fyre Festival tickets","correct":false,"count":"5,217"
Answers: "HQ Extra Lives","correct":false,"count":"1,253"}]
Answers: "Take them off","correct":false,"count":"5,281"
Answers: "Tap them together","correct":true,"count":"351,198"
Answers: "Put them in water","correct":false,"count":"1,893"}]
Answers: "Wu-Tang Clan","correct":false,"count":"49,813"
Answers: "Fugees","correct":false,"count":"19,174"
Answers: "NWA","correct":true,"count":"284,532"}]
Answers: "Bruce Almighty","correct":false,"count":"73,702"
Answers: "The Mask","correct":false,"count":"198,262"
Answers: "The Cable Guy","correct":true,"count":"55,247"}]
Answers: "Garden State","correct":false,"count":"49,138"
Answers: "Love Actually","correct":false,"count":"21,053"
Answers: "Maid in Manhattan","correct":true,"count":"65,678"}]
Answers: "Good luck, Dr. Jones!","correct":false,"count":"25,511"
Answers: "Try charming them","correct":false,"count":"23,760"
Answers: "Asps! Very dangerous","correct":true,"count":"19,811"}]
Answers: "Val Kilmer","correct":false,"count":"4,704"
Answers: "Christian Bale","correct":false,"count":"5,802"
Answers: "Michael Keaton","correct":true,"count":"15,304"}]
Answers: "Some Like It Hot","correct":true,"count":"7,682"
Answers: "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes","correct":false,"count":"4,158"
Answers: "The Seven Year Itch","correct":false,"count":"4,802"}]
Answers: "The Plague","correct":false,"count":"1,719"
Answers: "Crash Override","correct":true,"count":"4,489"
Answers: "Phantom Phreak","correct":false,"count":"2,682"}]
Answers: "Dumbo","correct":false,"count":"1,087"
Answers: "Sleeping Beauty","correct":false,"count":"1,716"
Answers: "Snow White","correct":true,"count":"2,312"}]
Answers: "Gran Torino","correct":false,"count":"956"
Answers: "Zodiac","correct":true,"count":"995"
Answers: "American Hustle","correct":false,"count":"940"}]
Answers: "February","correct":true,"count":"198,189"
Answers: "May","correct":false,"count":"2,687"
Answers: "Smarch","correct":false,"count":"1,023"}]
Answers: "Toy Story 4","correct":true,"count":"185,343"
Answers: "Avengers: Endgame","correct":false,"count":"8,182"
Answers: "Star Wars: Episode IX","correct":false,"count":"3,180"}]
Answers: "Blush","correct":true,"count":"171,318"
Answers: "Primer","correct":false,"count":"8,845"
Answers: "Cerulean","correct":false,"count":"11,425"}]
Answers: "Scotland","correct":false,"count":"81,282"
Answers: "Australia","correct":false,"count":"28,225"
Answers: "Canada","correct":true,"count":"73,138"}]
Answers: "Ferdinand Magellan","correct":true,"count":"98,465"
Answers: "Christopher Columbus","correct":false,"count":"25,828"
Answers: "Marco Polo","correct":false,"count":"19,090"}]
Answers: "Hinduism","correct":false,"count":"26,666"
Answers: "Judaism","correct":true,"count":"58,395"
Answers: "Buddhism","correct":false,"count":"24,972"}]
Answers: "Cape","correct":false,"count":"23,985"
Answers: "Top hat","correct":false,"count":"16,170"
Answers: "Harness","correct":true,"count":"19,890"}]
Answers: "Feline","correct":false,"count":"5,297"
Answers: "Canine","correct":true,"count":"15,996"
Answers: "Ursine","correct":false,"count":"1,506"}]
Answers: "Russia","correct":true,"count":"12,005"
Answers: "Japan","correct":false,"count":"2,648"
Answers: "Canada","correct":false,"count":"1,854"}]
Answers: "Wellington","correct":true,"count":"7,789"
Answers: "Christchurch","correct":false,"count":"1,807"
Answers: "Auckland","correct":false,"count":"3,008"}]
Answers: "Chicago White Sox","correct":false,"count":"915"
Answers: "Los Angeles Dodgers","correct":false,"count":"1,768"
Answers: "Cincinnati Reds","correct":true,"count":"5,867"}]
Answers: "Natalie Imbruglia","correct":true,"count":"4,369"
Answers: "Jewel","correct":false,"count":"1,227"
Answers: "Sarah McLachlan","correct":false,"count":"854"}]
Answers: "Football players","correct":false,"count":"3,910"
Answers: "Bats","correct":true,"count":"394,168"
Answers: "Soybean farmers","correct":false,"count":"3,749"}]
Answers: "Blue","correct":true,"count":"390,833"
Answers: "Ewe","correct":false,"count":"3,891"
Answers: "Moo","correct":false,"count":"1,365"}]
Answers: "Candy stores","correct":false,"count":"22,734"
Answers: "Museums","correct":true,"count":"314,772"
Answers: "Hiking trails","correct":false,"count":"51,550"}]
Answers: "Agreement","correct":true,"count":"333,107"
Answers: "Applicant","correct":false,"count":"23,406"
Answers: "Argument","correct":false,"count":"9,991"}]
Answers: "Country","correct":false,"count":"101,997"
Answers: "Farm","correct":false,"count":"93,646"
Answers: "Either","correct":true,"count":"159,458"}]
Answers: "Fox","correct":false,"count":"52,827"
Answers: "Owl","correct":true,"count":"156,004"
Answers: "Dog","correct":false,"count":"34,376"}]
Answers: "Talkboy","correct":true,"count":"109,661"
Answers: "Blab Machine","correct":false,"count":"10,635"
Answers: "Yak Bak","correct":false,"count":"50,584"}]
Answers: "Oliver Cromwell","correct":false,"count":"39,355"
Answers: "Napoleon Bonaparte","correct":true,"count":"34,750"
Answers: "Winston Churchill","correct":false,"count":"45,962"}]
Answers: "Keira Knightley","correct":true,"count":"15,246"
Answers: "Emmy Rossum","correct":false,"count":"10,314"
Answers: "Jennifer Love Hewitt","correct":false,"count":"25,616"}]
Answers: "Edmond Rostand","correct":true,"count":"9,032"
Answers: "Victor Hugo","correct":false,"count":"7,601"
Answers: "William Shakespeare","correct":false,"count":"4,563"}]
Answers: "Eye color","correct":false,"count":"1,180"
Answers: "Inner beauty","correct":false,"count":"3,146"
Answers: "Hair flipping","correct":true,"count":"6,439"}]
Answers: "The Hunger Games","correct":false,"count":"1,058"
Answers: "Twilight","correct":true,"count":"4,605"
Answers: "50 Shades of Grey","correct":false,"count":"1,327"}]
Answers: "German suplex","correct":false,"count":"2,729"
Answers: "One timer","correct":true,"count":"91,450"
Answers: "Sticky wicket","correct":false,"count":"15,105"}]
Answers: "PBA","correct":false,"count":"3,558"
Answers: "NHL","correct":false,"count":"3,879"
Answers: "NFL","correct":true,"count":"102,933"}]
Answers: "Notre Dame","correct":false,"count":"29,462"
Answers: "Tennessee","correct":true,"count":"55,237"
Answers: "Baylor","correct":false,"count":"22,346"}]
Answers: "Quarter length","correct":false,"count":"13,972"
Answers: "Shot clock","correct":false,"count":"39,105"
Answers: "Overtime","correct":true,"count":"41,958"}]
Answers: "Raiders","correct":false,"count":"28,312"
Answers: "Cardinals","correct":true,"count":"43,209"
Answers: "Buccaneers","correct":false,"count":"16,873"}]
Answers: "Francisco Rodriguez","correct":true,"count":"21,534"
Answers: "Jonathan Pabelbon","correct":false,"count":"16,868"
Answers: "Billy Wagner","correct":false,"count":"27,423"}]
Answers: "Colorado Avalanche","correct":false,"count":"3,629"
Answers: "Nashville Predators","correct":false,"count":"5,086"
Answers: "Carolina Hurricanes","correct":true,"count":"16,177"}]
Answers: "Coors Field","correct":false,"count":"7,032"
Answers: "Yankee Stadium","correct":true,"count":"7,711"
Answers: "Globe Life Park","correct":false,"count":"1,741"}]
Answers: "Adrian Peterson","correct":false,"count":"2,311"
Answers: "Emmitt Smith","correct":false,"count":"2,253"
Answers: "Barry Sanders","correct":true,"count":"4,194"}]
Answers: "South Africa","correct":false,"count":"1,561"
Answers: "Australia","correct":false,"count":"1,180"
Answers: "England","correct":true,"count":"1,988"}]
Answers: "NBA corner 3-pointer","correct":false,"count":"505"
Answers: "Soccer penalty kick","correct":true,"count":"1,073"
Answers: "NFL 1st down","correct":false,"count":"834"}]
Answers: "Kareem Abdul-Jabbar","correct":false,"count":"239"
Answers: "Wilt Chamberlain","correct":true,"count":"837"
Answers: "Shaquille O’Neal","correct":false,"count":"250"}]
Answers: "Chicago","correct":false,"count":"21,990"
Answers: "LA Story","correct":false,"count":"8,204"
Answers: "New York, New York","correct":true,"count":"292,651"}]
Answers: "Venice","correct":true,"count":"315,758"
Answers: "Toronto","correct":false,"count":"2,298"
Answers: "Reykjavik","correct":false,"count":"1,463"}]
Answers: "K2","correct":false,"count":"13,034"
Answers: "Grand Canyon","correct":false,"count":"52,169"
Answers: "Ayers Rock","correct":true,"count":"253,635"}]
Answers: "Canada / USA","correct":false,"count":"130,032"
Answers: "Denmark / Norway","correct":false,"count":"24,094"
Answers: "Zambia / Zimbabwe","correct":true,"count":"148,501"}]
Answers: "Tunisia","correct":false,"count":"39,328"
Answers: "Egypt","correct":false,"count":"90,878"
Answers: "Jordan","correct":true,"count":"134,105"}]
Answers: "Totem","correct":false,"count":"16,021"
Answers: "Moai","correct":true,"count":"147,178"
Answers: "Tiki","correct":false,"count":"30,173"}]
Answers: "Sri Lanka","correct":false,"count":"78,405"
Answers: "Mexico","correct":true,"count":"63,424"
Answers: "Ukraine","correct":false,"count":"9,717"}]
Answers: "French","correct":false,"count":"12,716"
Answers: "German","correct":false,"count":"18,978"
Answers: "Spanish","correct":true,"count":"47,756"}]
Answers: "Bulgaria","correct":false,"count":"11,402"
Answers: "Turkey","correct":true,"count":"16,186"
Answers: "Morocco","correct":false,"count":"24,478"}]
Answers: "2008","correct":false,"count":"6,541"
Answers: "2012","correct":true,"count":"14,946"
Answers: "2016","correct":false,"count":"1,836"}]
Answers: "North Pole","correct":true,"count":"10,117"
Answers: "South Pole","correct":false,"count":"2,801"
Answers: "Equator","correct":false,"count":"3,372"}]
Answers: "Africa / Asia","correct":true,"count":"7,870"
Answers: "N. America / S. America","correct":false,"count":"2,597"
Answers: "Australia / Europe","correct":false,"count":"888"}]
Answers: "Much Ado About Nothing","correct":true,"count":"178,414"
Answers: "Lotta Loose Chitchat","correct":false,"count":"5,527"
Answers: "So Much Trash Talk","correct":false,"count":"5,748"}]
Answers: "Sherbet","correct":true,"count":"163,610"
Answers: "Shaved ice","correct":false,"count":"6,496"
Answers: "Snow cone","correct":false,"count":"12,073"}]
Answers: "Ariana Grande","correct":true,"count":"142,333"
Answers: "Adam Levine","correct":false,"count":"17,057"
Answers: "Ja Rule","correct":false,"count":"12,892"}]
Answers: "Sydneysiders","correct":true,"count":"60,797"
Answers: "Sydneysians","correct":false,"count":"80,071"
Answers: "Sydneywydneys","correct":false,"count":"16,481"}]
Answers: "Bowl cut","correct":true,"count":"104,367"
Answers: "Beehive","correct":false,"count":"19,988"
Answers: "The Rachel","correct":false,"count":"12,913"}]
Answers: "Cardinal","correct":true,"count":"73,243"
Answers: "Archbishop","correct":false,"count":"41,087"
Answers: "Deacon","correct":false,"count":"5,905"}]
Answers: "Poinsettia","correct":false,"count":"18,468"
Answers: "Mistletoe","correct":true,"count":"44,240"
Answers: "Holly","correct":false,"count":"12,820"}]
Answers: "Ingenious swimming","correct":false,"count":"1,092"
Answers: "Creative swimming","correct":false,"count":"6,877"
Answers: "Artistic swimming","correct":true,"count":"37,458"}]
Answers: "Ira","correct":false,"count":"7,702"
Answers: "Chad","correct":false,"count":"4,157"
Answers: "Jerome","correct":true,"count":"26,662"}]
Answers: "Dick Tracy","correct":true,"count":"19,802"
Answers: "Sam Spade","correct":false,"count":"4,760"
Answers: "Philip Marlowe","correct":false,"count":"4,134"}]
Answers: "United Kingdom","correct":true,"count":"6,600"
Answers: "Sweden","correct":false,"count":"6,004"
Answers: "Norway","correct":false,"count":"9,058"}]
Answers: "Motorcycle across US","correct":true,"count":"5,161"
Answers: "Conduct an orchestra","correct":false,"count":"3,741"
Answers: "Climb Denali","correct":false,"count":"2,628"}]
Answers: "Four Loko","correct":false,"count":"13,341"
Answers: "Coffee","correct":true,"count":"360,669"
Answers: "Pamplemousse seltzer","correct":false,"count":"14,257"}]
Answers: "Melissa McCarthy","correct":true,"count":"291,870"
Answers: "Tina Fey","correct":false,"count":"32,793"
Answers: "Jane Lynch","correct":false,"count":"54,599"}]
Answers: "Yale","correct":true,"count":"310,806"
Answers: "Rutgers","correct":false,"count":"36,811"
Answers: "Tulane","correct":false,"count":"17,433"}]
Answers: "Rory’s dad","correct":false,"count":"87,668"
Answers: "Rory’s doctor","correct":false,"count":"44,622"
Answers: "Rory’s teacher","correct":true,"count":"217,399"}]
Answers: "Extra-long fingers","correct":false,"count":"23,669"
Answers: "Didn’t cry","correct":false,"count":"168,855"
Answers: "Big head","correct":true,"count":"124,191"}]
Answers: "Two glasses of wine","correct":true,"count":"83,728"
Answers: "Steak cooked rare","correct":false,"count":"36,641"
Answers: "Fast food","correct":false,"count":"91,060"}]
Answers: "Call me!","correct":false,"count":"19,507"
Answers: "See you later!","correct":false,"count":"34,060"
Answers: "Welcome home!","correct":true,"count":"42,608"}]
Answers: "Mud pie","correct":true,"count":"30,384"
Answers: "Banoffee pudding","correct":false,"count":"6,544"
Answers: "Molten lava cake","correct":false,"count":"11,696"}]
Answers: "Lucille Ball","correct":true,"count":"12,673"
Answers: "Jane Austen","correct":false,"count":"11,086"
Answers: "Patti Smith","correct":false,"count":"8,399"}]
Answers: "Stop","correct":false,"count":"5,801"
Answers: "Develop the characters","correct":false,"count":"2,870"
Answers: "Edit","correct":true,"count":"7,719"}]
Answers: "Luke","correct":false,"count":"1,994"
Answers: "Emily","correct":true,"count":"5,818"
Answers: "Richard","correct":false,"count":"848"}]
Answers: "Line cook","correct":false,"count":"2,036"
Answers: "Mail carrier","correct":true,"count":"283,537"
Answers: "Secretary of the Navy","correct":false,"count":"954"}]
Answers: "IBM","correct":false,"count":"27,081"
Answers: "Apple","correct":true,"count":"258,910"
Answers: "Chef Boyardee","correct":false,"count":"895"}]
Answers: "Harry S. Truman","correct":false,"count":"40,242"
Answers: "Dwight D. Eisenhower","correct":true,"count":"178,494"
Answers: "Franklin D. Roosevelt","correct":false,"count":"55,011"}]
Answers: "NFL","correct":true,"count":"94,619"
Answers: "NBA","correct":false,"count":"78,115"
Answers: "MLB","correct":false,"count":"71,271"}]
Answers: "Mushroom","correct":false,"count":"44,165"
Answers: "Dandelion","correct":false,"count":"15,415"
Answers: "Feather","correct":true,"count":"163,389"}]
Answers: "Philosopher’s Stone","correct":true,"count":"72,922"
Answers: "Deathly Hallows","correct":false,"count":"64,273"
Answers: "Goblet of Fire","correct":false,"count":"56,618"}]
Answers: "Hermit","correct":false,"count":"20,588"
Answers: "King","correct":false,"count":"44,228"
Answers: "Fiddler","correct":true,"count":"18,766"}]
Answers: "Macedonia","correct":true,"count":"12,459"
Answers: "Serbia","correct":false,"count":"3,499"
Answers: "Bosnia and Herzegovina","correct":false,"count":"8,987"}]
Answers: "Egglets","correct":false,"count":"2,709"
Answers: "Oddfellows","correct":false,"count":"4,116"
Answers: "Smarties","correct":true,"count":"7,039"}]
Answers: "Physics","correct":true,"count":"4,088"
Answers: "Economics","correct":false,"count":"2,411"
Answers: "Literature","correct":false,"count":"1,707"}]
Answers: "Kebaya","correct":false,"count":"702"
Answers: "Bunad","correct":false,"count":"2,117"
Answers: "Deel","correct":true,"count":"2,149"}]
Answers: "Romeo and Juliet","correct":false,"count":"932"
Answers: "The Merchant of Venice","correct":false,"count":"614"
Answers: "Midsummer Night’s Dream","correct":true,"count":"1,210"}]
Answers: "Have brunch","correct":false,"count":"2,971"
Answers: "Hatch","correct":true,"count":"277,507"
Answers: "Attack","correct":false,"count":"2,019"}]
Answers: "Have brunch","correct":false,"count":"1,188"
Answers: "Hatch","correct":true,"count":"277,285"
Answers: "Attack","correct":false,"count":"1,119"}]
Answers: "Two more","correct":false,"count":"11,813"
Answers: "One more","correct":true,"count":"230,868"
Answers: "One less","correct":false,"count":"37,423"}]
Answers: "Star Wars","correct":false,"count":"61,738"
Answers: "Lord of the Rings","correct":true,"count":"180,433"
Answers: "Back to the Future","correct":false,"count":"20,896"}]
Answers: "Maryland's","correct":false,"count":"53,282"
Answers: "New York's","correct":true,"count":"123,116"
Answers: "Maine's","correct":false,"count":"64,006"}]
Answers: "Crash","correct":false,"count":"20,845"
Answers: "Reggae","correct":true,"count":"136,747"
Answers: "Oink","correct":false,"count":"25,642"}]
Answers: "Force","correct":false,"count":"76,070"
Answers: "Momentum","correct":true,"count":"46,149"
Answers: "Inertia","correct":false,"count":"17,509"}]
Answers: "Ankle","correct":false,"count":"6,978"
Answers: "Head","correct":true,"count":"41,004"
Answers: "Waist","correct":false,"count":"9,072"}]
Answers: "IBM","correct":false,"count":"15,802"
Answers: "Xerox","correct":true,"count":"19,968"
Answers: "Hewlett-Packard","correct":false,"count":"6,483"}]
Answers: "Africa","correct":false,"count":"1,590"
Answers: "Asia","correct":true,"count":"11,238"
Answers: "Australia","correct":false,"count":"10,109"}]
Answers: "Counter-Strike","correct":false,"count":"2,034"
Answers: "Team Fortress 2","correct":true,"count":"10,242"
Answers: "Left 4 Dead","correct":false,"count":"1,319"}]
Answers: "James Buchanan","correct":false,"count":"773"
Answers: "Benjamin Harrison","correct":true,"count":"7,313"
Answers: "William Howard Taft","correct":false,"count":"2,512"}]
Answers: "Disney World","correct":true,"count":"221,219"
Answers: "Your neighbor’s house","correct":false,"count":"8,064"
Answers: "Brunch","correct":false,"count":"10,116"}]
Answers: "Seattle Seahawks","correct":false,"count":"44,306"
Answers: "Chicago Bears","correct":true,"count":"176,635"
Answers: "Jacksonville Jaguars","correct":false,"count":"10,925"}]
Answers: "Greg Zuerlein","correct":false,"count":"21,604"
Answers: "Justin Tucker","correct":false,"count":"22,993"
Answers: "Adam Vinatieri","correct":true,"count":"168,824"}]
Answers: "Ray Lewis","correct":false,"count":"27,126"
Answers: "James Harrison","correct":true,"count":"100,962"
Answers: "Deion Sanders","correct":false,"count":"70,860"}]
Answers: "Pittsburgh Steelers","correct":true,"count":"42,140"
Answers: "Buffalo Bills","correct":false,"count":"41,002"
Answers: "Miami Dolphins","correct":false,"count":"89,611"}]
Answers: "Quarterback","correct":false,"count":"32,026"
Answers: "Linebacker","correct":true,"count":"54,598"
Answers: "Cornerback","correct":false,"count":"28,940"}]
Answers: "New England Patriots","correct":false,"count":"7,057"
Answers: "San Francisco 49ers","correct":true,"count":"38,745"
Answers: "Dallas Cowboys","correct":false,"count":"13,437"}]
Answers: "Shutout","correct":true,"count":"26,814"
Answers: "Overtime","correct":false,"count":"3,918"
Answers: "Blocked punt for TD","correct":false,"count":"9,188"}]
Answers: "Super Bowl number","correct":true,"count":"13,922"
Answers: "Better team record","correct":false,"count":"9,112"
Answers: "Coin flip","correct":false,"count":"5,694"}]
Answers: "Dallas / Pittsburgh","correct":true,"count":"8,638"
Answers: "Miami / Washington","correct":false,"count":"950"
Answers: "New England / New York","correct":false,"count":"6,920"}]
Answers: "Safety","correct":false,"count":"1,015"
Answers: "Kickoff return TD","correct":true,"count":"7,095"
Answers: "Punt return TD","correct":false,"count":"2,126"}]
Answers: "Troy Aikman","correct":false,"count":"1,969"
Answers: "Terry Bradshaw","correct":false,"count":"1,647"
Answers: "Joe Montana","correct":true,"count":"4,012"}]
Answers: "Maroon 5","correct":false,"count":"13,767"
Answers: "Bag of footballs","correct":false,"count":"7,032"
Answers: "Bacon","correct":true,"count":"569,692"}]
Answers: "Baby Spice","correct":false,"count":"9,453"
Answers: "Salt","correct":true,"count":"565,341"
Answers: "Liz Lemon","correct":false,"count":"4,713"}]
Answers: "Five Films","correct":false,"count":"34,712"
Answers: "Six Degrees","correct":true,"count":"445,640"
Answers: "Four Questions","correct":false,"count":"70,511"}]
Answers: "Icelandic bacon","correct":false,"count":"5,417"
Answers: "Canadian bacon","correct":true,"count":"483,283"
Answers: "Swedish bacon","correct":false,"count":"11,464"}]
Answers: "Martin Short","correct":false,"count":"95,711"
Answers: "John Candy","correct":true,"count":"298,524"
Answers: "Michael Myers","correct":false,"count":"92,949"}]
Answers: "Meat","correct":false,"count":"89,890"
Answers: "Fat","correct":true,"count":"235,261"
Answers: "Same rate","correct":false,"count":"37,712"}]
Answers: "Metaphysics","correct":false,"count":"47,671"
Answers: "Scientific method","correct":true,"count":"127,158"
Answers: "Existentialism","correct":false,"count":"80,254"}]
Answers: "Bresaola","correct":false,"count":"5,158"
Answers: "Pancetta","correct":true,"count":"125,852"
Answers: "Capocollo","correct":false,"count":"17,732"}]
Answers: "Nick Cannon","correct":false,"count":"37,892"
Answers: "Nick Lachey","correct":false,"count":"32,351"
Answers: "Nick Jonas","correct":true,"count":"58,048"}]
Answers: "Cured","correct":false,"count":"33,629"
Answers: "Pig","correct":false,"count":"16,334"
Answers: "Buttock","correct":true,"count":"24,413"}]
Answers: "The pope","correct":false,"count":"6,255"
Answers: "Another painter","correct":true,"count":"20,468"
Answers: "An animal","correct":false,"count":"9,383"}]
Answers: "Julia Roberts","correct":false,"count":"5,597"
Answers: "Robert De Niro","correct":false,"count":"8,973"
Answers: "Al Pacino","correct":true,"count":"8,399"}]
Answers: "Pure silver","correct":false,"count":"841"
Answers: "Titanium","correct":false,"count":"7,823"
Answers: "Wood","correct":true,"count":"101,642"}]
Answers: "Julian Edelman","correct":true,"count":"90,623"
Answers: "Brandin Cooks","correct":false,"count":"10,161"
Answers: "Cooper Kupp","correct":false,"count":"7,226"}]
Answers: "Dallas Mavericks","correct":true,"count":"72,026"
Answers: "Los Angeles Lakers","correct":false,"count":"17,342"
Answers: "Washington Wizards","correct":false,"count":"15,636"}]
Answers: "New York Giants","correct":false,"count":"24,628"
Answers: "Dallas Cowboys","correct":false,"count":"17,524"
Answers: "Pittsburgh Steelers","correct":true,"count":"51,029"}]
Answers: "Kansas","correct":false,"count":"26,925"
Answers: "Virginia","correct":true,"count":"51,397"
Answers: "Arizona","correct":false,"count":"14,162"}]
Answers: "Jordan Spieth","correct":false,"count":"28,778"
Answers: "Justin Rose","correct":true,"count":"43,221"
Answers: "Tiger Woods","correct":false,"count":"8,453"}]
Answers: "Save Streak","correct":false,"count":"5,907"
Answers: "Fastest Skater","correct":true,"count":"25,271"
Answers: "Puck Control","correct":false,"count":"13,193"}]
Answers: "Boris Becker","correct":false,"count":"9,441"
Answers: "Lleyton Hewitt","correct":true,"count":"7,218"
Answers: "Rafael Nadal","correct":false,"count":"9,622"}]
Answers: "England","correct":false,"count":"2,051"
Answers: "Spain","correct":false,"count":"3,593"
Answers: "Germany","correct":true,"count":"3,524"}]
Answers: "Tony Meola","correct":false,"count":"825"
Answers: "Tim Howard","correct":true,"count":"3,126"
Answers: "Brad Guzan","correct":false,"count":"445"}]
Answers: "Sandy Koufax","correct":true,"count":"993"
Answers: "Randy Johnson","correct":false,"count":"904"
Answers: "Steve Carlton","correct":false,"count":"1,456"}]
Answers: "Houston Rockets","correct":true,"count":"678"
Answers: "Detroit Pistons","correct":false,"count":"521"
Answers: "San Antonio Spurs","correct":false,"count":"323"}]
Answers: "Marcel","correct":false,"count":"18,311"
Answers: "Rachel","correct":true,"count":"504,431"
Answers: "Gunther","correct":false,"count":"8,213"}]
Answers: "Janice","correct":false,"count":"13,451"
Answers: "Monica","correct":true,"count":"505,183"
Answers: "Joanna","correct":false,"count":"5,273"}]
Answers: "Pivot!","correct":true,"count":"491,068"
Answers: "Hey Pheebs!","correct":false,"count":"16,448"
Answers: "Unagi!","correct":false,"count":"10,717"}]
Answers: "Christmas candy","correct":false,"count":"23,704"
Answers: "Yams","correct":true,"count":"418,187"
Answers: "Trifle","correct":false,"count":"65,781"}]
Answers: "Monica","correct":false,"count":"206,146"
Answers: "Ross","correct":false,"count":"130,452"
Answers: "Rachel","correct":true,"count":"115,816"}]
Answers: "Ross & Rachel hooked up","correct":false,"count":"49,628"
Answers: "Phoebe’s pregnant","correct":true,"count":"197,469"
Answers: "Joey’s hungry","correct":false,"count":"34,007"}]
Answers: "Fajitas","correct":true,"count":"158,776"
Answers: "Nachos","correct":false,"count":"20,841"
Answers: "Tamales","correct":false,"count":"28,404"}]
Answers: "Paul","correct":false,"count":"22,131"
Answers: "Joshua","correct":true,"count":"118,305"
Answers: "Tag","correct":false,"count":"23,870"}]
Answers: "Her outfit","correct":false,"count":"3,019"
Answers: "Wall switch","correct":true,"count":"118,571"
Answers: "Chandler’s birthday","correct":false,"count":"3,330"}]
Answers: "Rachel","correct":false,"count":"45,454"
Answers: "Monica","correct":true,"count":"68,840"
Answers: "Chandler","correct":false,"count":"4,940"}]
Answers: "More alcohol","correct":true,"count":"71,560"
Answers: "Deck of cards","correct":false,"count":"6,362"
Answers: "Double pizza","correct":false,"count":"4,810"}]
Answers: "Memories","correct":false,"count":"3,049"
Answers: "Coffee","correct":true,"count":"68,415"
Answers: "Friendship","correct":false,"count":"2,608"}]
Answers: "Marky Mark","correct":false,"count":"1,679"
Answers: "Question mark","correct":true,"count":"189,348"
Answers: "Deutsche mark","correct":false,"count":"488"}]
Answers: "Instagram Receipt","correct":false,"count":"1,107"
Answers: "LEGO Aquaman","correct":false,"count":"2,508"
Answers: "Pig","correct":true,"count":"184,320"}]
Answers: "Rhode Island","correct":true,"count":"179,061"
Answers: "Arkansas","correct":false,"count":"3,797"
Answers: "Virginia","correct":false,"count":"3,819"}]
Answers: "Rum","correct":false,"count":"24,162"
Answers: "Cider","correct":false,"count":"2,873"
Answers: "Wine","correct":true,"count":"155,097"}]
Answers: "Red","correct":true,"count":"100,046"
Answers: "White","correct":false,"count":"50,086"
Answers: "Blue","correct":false,"count":"20,434"}]
Answers: "Mexico","correct":false,"count":"40,190"
Answers: "Nicaragua","correct":false,"count":"7,748"
Answers: "Peru","correct":true,"count":"89,771"}]
Answers: "Rene Magritte","correct":true,"count":"35,875"
Answers: "Max Ernst","correct":false,"count":"19,736"
Answers: "Marcel Duchamp","correct":false,"count":"32,572"}]
Answers: "Miles Davis","correct":false,"count":"5,227"
Answers: "Dizzy Gillespie","correct":true,"count":"19,221"
Answers: "Louis Armstrong","correct":false,"count":"13,525"}]
Answers: "K","correct":true,"count":"10,333"
Answers: "V","correct":false,"count":"5,198"
Answers: "H","correct":false,"count":"4,858"}]
Answers: "Jupiter’s red spot","correct":false,"count":"1,569"
Answers: "Mars’ polar caps","correct":false,"count":"1,922"
Answers: "Saturn’s rings","correct":true,"count":"7,439"}]
Answers: "Cal Ripken Jr.","correct":false,"count":"1,175"
Answers: "Larry Bird","correct":false,"count":"4,118"
Answers: "Dan Marino","correct":true,"count":"2,599"}]
Answers: "Street Fighter","correct":false,"count":"1,547"
Answers: "Fallout","correct":false,"count":"1,464"
Answers: "Minecraft","correct":true,"count":"864"}]
Answers: "Wooden milk wagon","correct":false,"count":"3,702"
Answers: "Rubik’s Cube","correct":true,"count":"356,275"
Answers: "iPod","correct":false,"count":"2,265"}]
Answers: "Wall","correct":true,"count":"350,635"
Answers: "Ice luge","correct":false,"count":"1,763"
Answers: "Lamborghini poster","correct":false,"count":"2,770"}]
Answers: "Please RSVP","correct":false,"count":"11,678"
Answers: "Hello Guests","correct":false,"count":"14,471"
Answers: "Members Only","correct":true,"count":"324,883"}]
Answers: "Space Invaders","correct":false,"count":"55,320"
Answers: "Frogger","correct":false,"count":"21,770"
Answers: "Gauntlet","correct":true,"count":"263,503"}]
Answers: "Tim Burton","correct":false,"count":"83,410"
Answers: "John Landis","correct":false,"count":"83,771"
Answers: "Steven Spielberg","correct":true,"count":"141,783"}]
Answers: "Everyone ran 3400m","correct":false,"count":"18,808"
Answers: "Cat on the track","correct":false,"count":"92,877"
Answers: "Runner taken down","correct":true,"count":"120,264"}]
Answers: "Miami Vice","correct":false,"count":"18,156"
Answers: "MacGyver","correct":false,"count":"16,677"
Answers: "Dallas","correct":true,"count":"99,731"}]
Answers: "Risky Business","correct":false,"count":"13,298"
Answers: "Top Gun","correct":false,"count":"14,602"
Answers: "Cocktail","correct":true,"count":"73,595"}]
Answers: "Bananarama","correct":true,"count":"36,952"
Answers: "The Go-Gos","correct":false,"count":"18,188"
Answers: "The Bangles","correct":false,"count":"22,657"}]
Answers: "Suspenders","correct":false,"count":"10,227"
Answers: "Fedora","correct":true,"count":"13,890"
Answers: "Vest","correct":false,"count":"18,506"}]
Answers: "The Hugga Bunch","correct":false,"count":"5,245"
Answers: "My Pet Monster","correct":false,"count":"7,761"
Answers: "Furskins","correct":true,"count":"8,066"}]
Answers: "A-ha","correct":false,"count":"4,181"
Answers: "Herbie Hancock","correct":false,"count":"1,609"
Answers: "Peter Gabriel","correct":true,"count":"4,884"}]
Answers: "February Fever","correct":false,"count":"2,014"
Answers: "March Madness","correct":true,"count":"113,906"
Answers: "April Agitation","correct":false,"count":"917"}]
Answers: "Huckleberry","correct":false,"count":"17,410"
Answers: "Charlotte","correct":false,"count":"11,935"
Answers: "Pete","correct":true,"count":"86,724"}]
Answers: "Los Angeles Rams","correct":false,"count":"25,319"
Answers: "New Orleans Saints","correct":false,"count":"11,697"
Answers: "Kansas City Chiefs","correct":true,"count":"73,615"}]
Answers: "Giannis Antetokounmpo","correct":false,"count":"28,415"
Answers: "LeBron James","correct":false,"count":"13,522"
Answers: "Kyrie Irving","correct":true,"count":"60,778"}]
Answers: "Chris Johnson","correct":false,"count":"17,336"
Answers: "Saquon Barkley","correct":true,"count":"51,621"
Answers: "Adrian Peterson","correct":false,"count":"30,497"}]
Answers: "Washington DC","correct":true,"count":"49,290"
Answers: "Chicago","correct":false,"count":"19,048"
Answers: "Boston","correct":false,"count":"15,262"}]
Answers: "Michael Jordan","correct":false,"count":"4,967"
Answers: "Kobe Bryant","correct":false,"count":"11,225"
Answers: "Wilt Chamberlain","correct":true,"count":"35,346"}]
Answers: "Golden State Warriors","correct":false,"count":"3,468"
Answers: "San Antonio Spurs","correct":false,"count":"18,299"
Answers: "Indiana Pacers","correct":true,"count":"14,017"}]
Answers: "Jose Theodore","correct":false,"count":"1,519"
Answers: "Carey Price","correct":true,"count":"9,242"
Answers: "Dominik Hasek","correct":false,"count":"5,638"}]
Answers: "Peter Thomson","correct":true,"count":"4,085"
Answers: "Lee Trevino","correct":false,"count":"1,561"
Answers: "Tiger Woods","correct":false,"count":"4,029"}]
Answers: "Jimmie Johnson","correct":false,"count":"976"
Answers: "David Pearson","correct":true,"count":"3,593"
Answers: "Dale Earnhardt","correct":false,"count":"605"}]
Answers: "Jacob deGrom","correct":false,"count":"496"
Answers: "Bartolo Colon","correct":false,"count":"774"
Answers: "Kyle Hendricks","correct":true,"count":"2,453"}]
Answers: "Awesome","correct":true,"count":"525,671"
Answers: "Gluten-free","correct":false,"count":"4,135"
Answers: "Password-protected","correct":false,"count":"7,094"}]
Answers: "She ready!","correct":true,"count":"408,419"
Answers: "You’ve got mail!","correct":false,"count":"83,288"
Answers: "It's a-me, Mario!","correct":false,"count":"35,870"}]
Answers: "PINTO","correct":false,"count":"30,202"
Answers: "DUPLO","correct":true,"count":"444,509"
Answers: "BILBO","correct":false,"count":"28,526"}]
Answers: "Mad TV","correct":false,"count":"118,546"
Answers: "Saturday Night Live","correct":true,"count":"280,769"
Answers: "In Living Color","correct":false,"count":"82,088"}]
Answers: "Pet detective","correct":true,"count":"265,522"
Answers: "Navy SEAL","correct":false,"count":"45,420"
Answers: "Baseball player","correct":false,"count":"111,695"}]
Answers: "Leonardo da Vinci","correct":true,"count":"207,918"
Answers: "Isaac Newton","correct":false,"count":"39,194"
Answers: "Galileo Galilei","correct":false,"count":"112,254"}]
Answers: "The Netherlands","correct":false,"count":"53,330"
Answers: "Denmark","correct":true,"count":"159,223"
Answers: "Australia","correct":false,"count":"16,805"}]
Answers: "Happy / bricks","correct":false,"count":"33,700"
Answers: "Build / fun","correct":false,"count":"46,257"
Answers: "Play / well","correct":true,"count":"88,860"}]
Answers: "Betsey Johnson","correct":false,"count":"38,928"
Answers: "Tom Ford","correct":false,"count":"11,843"
Answers: "Vivienne Westwood","correct":true,"count":"50,282"}]
Answers: "Howard Hughes","correct":false,"count":"11,928"
Answers: "Henry Ford","correct":false,"count":"17,951"
Answers: "Thomas Edison","correct":true,"count":"29,065"}]
Answers: "Tower Bridge","correct":true,"count":"26,742"
Answers: "Empire State Building","correct":false,"count":"2,285"
Answers: "Taj Mahal","correct":false,"count":"6,188"}]
Answers: "Alexandre Dumas","correct":true,"count":"21,124"
Answers: "Jane Austen","correct":false,"count":"1,146"
Answers: "Charles Dickens","correct":false,"count":"5,472"}]
Answers: "Lego Island","correct":true,"count":"21,375"
Answers: "Lego Racers","correct":false,"count":"467"
Answers: "Lego Creator","correct":false,"count":"1,233"}]
Answers: "We Built This City","correct":true,"count":"17,387"
Answers: "We Didn’t Start the Fire","correct":false,"count":"502"
Answers: "The Final Countdown","correct":false,"count":"2,696"}]
Answers: "Bright Violet","correct":false,"count":"3,884"
Answers: "Vibrant Coral","correct":true,"count":"10,363"
Answers: "Light Nougat","correct":false,"count":"3,923"}]
Answers: "Free ice cream","correct":false,"count":"2,428"
Answers: "A wizard in a well","correct":false,"count":"1,940"
Answers: "Time","correct":true,"count":"192,315"}]
Answers: "United Kingdom","correct":true,"count":"169,496"
Answers: "United States","correct":false,"count":"10,093"
Answers: "United Arab Emirates","correct":false,"count":"14,848"}]
Answers: "Cardi B","correct":true,"count":"145,501"
Answers: "Lady Gaga","correct":false,"count":"22,962"
Answers: "Ariana Grande","correct":false,"count":"17,983"}]
Answers: "Shoulders","correct":false,"count":"10,335"
Answers: "Waist","correct":true,"count":"153,928"
Answers: "Neck","correct":false,"count":"16,972"}]
Answers: "Mandela Effect","correct":true,"count":"128,050"
Answers: "Einstein Phenomenon","correct":false,"count":"26,546"
Answers: "Lincoln Perception","correct":false,"count":"15,899"}]
Answers: "Strawberry","correct":false,"count":"30,475"
Answers: "Raspberry","correct":false,"count":"34,947"
Answers: "Blueberry","correct":true,"count":"91,287"}]
Answers: "Presentment Clause","correct":false,"count":"15,898"
Answers: "Establishment Clause","correct":true,"count":"79,508"
Answers: "Vicinage Clause","correct":false,"count":"4,342"}]
Answers: "Paula Abdul","correct":false,"count":"25,974"
Answers: "James Brown","correct":true,"count":"28,540"
Answers: "Prince","correct":false,"count":"25,449"}]
Answers: "Sodium","correct":true,"count":"23,442"
Answers: "Lithium","correct":false,"count":"2,947"
Answers: "Potassium","correct":false,"count":"6,162"}]
Answers: "Dr. Strangelove","correct":false,"count":"5,930"
Answers: "Airplane!","correct":true,"count":"15,070"
Answers: "Stripes","correct":false,"count":"3,063"}]
Answers: "Blue Print","correct":false,"count":"1,726"
Answers: "Ms. Pac-Man","correct":false,"count":"10,622"
Answers: "Kick","correct":true,"count":"4,467"}]
Answers: "Troilus and Cressida","correct":true,"count":"5,456"
Answers: "Romeo and Juliet","correct":false,"count":"627"
Answers: "Julius Caesar","correct":false,"count":"1,770"}]
Answers: "Wind","correct":false,"count":"11,505"
Answers: "Nuclear fission","correct":false,"count":"2,757"
Answers: "Electricity","correct":true,"count":"321,822"}]
Answers: "Prince Albert","correct":false,"count":"5,251"
Answers: "Earl Grey","correct":true,"count":"323,394"
Answers: "Lady Di","correct":false,"count":"4,970"}]
Answers: "The Ninja Turtles","correct":false,"count":"16,790"
Answers: "Garfield","correct":false,"count":"16,152"
Answers: "SpongeBob Squarepants","correct":true,"count":"295,351"}]
Answers: "Chinese checkers","correct":true,"count":"101,719"
Answers: "Backgammon","correct":false,"count":"131,464"
Answers: "Mahjong","correct":false,"count":"84,681"}]
Answers: "Malaysia","correct":true,"count":"91,264"
Answers: "Indonesia","correct":false,"count":"81,181"
Answers: "Brunei","correct":false,"count":"78,739"}]
Answers: "Play-Doh","correct":false,"count":"25,084"
Answers: "Scotch Tape","correct":false,"count":"36,577"
Answers: "WD-40","correct":true,"count":"45,688"}]
Answers: "Bird","correct":false,"count":"17,289"
Answers: "Mammal","correct":true,"count":"8,121"
Answers: "Fish","correct":false,"count":"24,986"}]
Answers: "Viggo Mortensen","correct":true,"count":"6,157"
Answers: "Elijah Wood","correct":false,"count":"3,004"
Answers: "Orlando Bloom","correct":false,"count":"5,523"}]
Answers: "Albert Einstein","correct":false,"count":"480"
Answers: "Marie Curie","correct":true,"count":"5,319"
Answers: "Nikola Tesla","correct":false,"count":"1,507"}]
Answers: "Ripe muenster","correct":false,"count":"714"
Answers: "Seven ponies","correct":false,"count":"3,472"
Answers: "Dialed horns","correct":true,"count":"1,274"}]
Answers: "Reggae","correct":false,"count":"549"
Answers: "Mariachi","correct":false,"count":"598"
Answers: "Jazz","correct":true,"count":"588"}]
Answers: "Sugar","correct":true,"count":"313,521"
Answers: "Hot tar","correct":false,"count":"1,498"
Answers: "Rebar","correct":false,"count":"890"}]
Answers: "Mini Mollusk","correct":false,"count":"1,026"
Answers: "Big Bird","correct":true,"count":"316,801"
Answers: "Medium Ruminant","correct":false,"count":"852"}]
Answers: "Bill Gates","correct":true,"count":"280,946"
Answers: "Steve Wozniak","correct":false,"count":"14,809"
Answers: "Steve Jobs","correct":false,"count":"21,507"}]
Answers: "Narwhal","correct":true,"count":"214,225"
Answers: "Zebra","correct":false,"count":"2,477"
Answers: "Indian rhinoceros","correct":false,"count":"89,972"}]
Answers: "West coast","correct":false,"count":"52,598"
Answers: "East coast","correct":true,"count":"138,348"
Answers: "Gulf of Mexico","correct":false,"count":"95,458"}]
Answers: "You can add any piece","correct":false,"count":"71,157"
Answers: "You win the game","correct":false,"count":"32,800"
Answers: "it becomes another piece","correct":true,"count":"133,364"}]
Answers: "Unchained Melody","correct":false,"count":"29,340"
Answers: "Your Song","correct":false,"count":"21,292"
Answers: "Hey Jude","correct":true,"count":"88,931"}]
Answers: "Proton","correct":true,"count":"21,599"
Answers: "Lepton","correct":false,"count":"29,446"
Answers: "Muon","correct":false,"count":"40,877"}]
Answers: "Bull","correct":false,"count":"6,619"
Answers: "Raccoon","correct":false,"count":"6,401"
Answers: "Fox","correct":true,"count":"17,775"}]
Answers: "3D","correct":false,"count":"7,275"
Answers: "Color","correct":false,"count":"6,741"
Answers: "Sound","correct":true,"count":"5,142"}]
Answers: "Atlanta","correct":false,"count":"814"
Answers: "Nashville","correct":false,"count":"1,672"
Answers: "Orlando","correct":true,"count":"5,201"}]
Answers: "Kwuggerbug","correct":false,"count":"1,712"
Answers: "Wocket","correct":false,"count":"1,098"
Answers: "Shmoo","correct":true,"count":"2,589"}]
Answers: "Essayists","correct":false,"count":"1,741"
Answers: "Entertainment","correct":true,"count":"297,516"
Answers: "Enchiladas","correct":false,"count":"1,329"}]
Answers: "Squash","correct":false,"count":"6,337"
Answers: "Lettuce","correct":true,"count":"290,752"
Answers: "Pumpkin","correct":false,"count":"9,383"}]
Answers: "Fully","correct":false,"count":"41,382"
Answers: "Utter","correct":true,"count":"242,551"
Answers: "Relate","correct":false,"count":"16,070"}]
Answers: "Green Lantern","correct":true,"count":"244,892"
Answers: "Green Arrow","correct":false,"count":"9,893"
Answers: "Green Hornet","correct":false,"count":"34,755"}]
Answers: "Doric","correct":false,"count":"52,891"
Answers: "Corinthian","correct":false,"count":"27,906"
Answers: "Trojan","correct":true,"count":"203,159"}]
Answers: "Jamaica","correct":false,"count":"9,892"
Answers: "Bahamas","correct":true,"count":"58,487"
Answers: "Cuba","correct":false,"count":"189,377"}]
Answers: "Violet Beauregard","correct":false,"count":"25,471"
Answers: "Veruca Salt","correct":false,"count":"15,199"
Answers: "Augustus Gloop","correct":true,"count":"54,488"}]
Answers: "Ulysses S. Grant","correct":false,"count":"33,315"
Answers: "Abraham Lincoln","correct":true,"count":"14,845"
Answers: "George Washington","correct":false,"count":"9,047"}]
Answers: "Ohio State","correct":false,"count":"3,585"
Answers: "Stanford","correct":false,"count":"5,659"
Answers: "Tufts","correct":true,"count":"10,413"}]
Answers: "Vomer","correct":false,"count":"2,328"
Answers: "Palatine","correct":false,"count":"3,071"
Answers: "Navicular","correct":true,"count":"6,062"}]
Answers: "Confucius","correct":false,"count":"1,711"
Answers: "Thomas Edison","correct":false,"count":"1,296"
Answers: "Napoleon","correct":true,"count":"4,016"}]
Answers: "Running a government","correct":false,"count":"2,650"
Answers: "Cooking a stew","correct":false,"count":"692"
Answers: "Solving mysteries","correct":true,"count":"1,127"}]
Answers: "Christina Aguilera","correct":false,"count":"20,752"
Answers: "Adele","correct":true,"count":"388,265"
Answers: "Janet Jackson","correct":false,"count":"5,281"}]
Answers: "Hey Jude","correct":false,"count":"17,889"
Answers: "Sicko Mode","correct":true,"count":"370,848"
Answers: "Baby Shark","correct":false,"count":"22,013"}]
Answers: "Aerial gymnastics","correct":true,"count":"329,955"
Answers: "Fire juggling","correct":false,"count":"35,155"
Answers: "Unicycle riding","correct":false,"count":"21,572"}]
Answers: "Hamilton","correct":false,"count":"96,612"
Answers: "The Phantom of the Opera","correct":false,"count":"89,018"
Answers: "The Sound of Music","correct":true,"count":"199,966"}]
Answers: "Bad Romance","correct":false,"count":"43,099"
Answers: "Just Dance","correct":false,"count":"11,832"
Answers: "Born This Way","correct":true,"count":"301,892"}]
Answers: "Bad Blood","correct":false,"count":"128,136"
Answers: "Look What You Made Me Do","correct":true,"count":"186,717"
Answers: "Blank Space","correct":false,"count":"14,393"}]
Answers: "BTS","correct":true,"count":"176,736"
Answers: "iKON","correct":false,"count":"19,248"
Answers: "GOT7","correct":false,"count":"14,542"}]
Answers: "Communion","correct":false,"count":"8,416"
Answers: "Baptism","correct":false,"count":"42,268"
Answers: "Exorcism","correct":true,"count":"126,727"}]
Answers: "Best Dance Performance","correct":false,"count":"19,970"
Answers: "Best Pop Performance","correct":false,"count":"27,605"
Answers: "No award","correct":true,"count":"86,461"}]
Answers: "Radiohead","correct":false,"count":"22,811"
Answers: "Mariah Carey","correct":false,"count":"40,307"
Answers: "Steely Dan","correct":true,"count":"26,978"}]
Answers: "Australia","correct":true,"count":"29,348"
Answers: "Canada","correct":false,"count":"3,981"
Answers: "England","correct":false,"count":"6,334"}]
Answers: "Music Video","correct":false,"count":"5,844"
Answers: "Pop Solo Performance","correct":false,"count":"8,183"
Answers: "Dance Recording","correct":true,"count":"16,564"}]
Answers: "The Thinker","correct":false,"count":"1,140"
Answers: "The Last Supper","correct":true,"count":"15,830"
Answers: "Madame X","correct":false,"count":"1,763"}]
Answers: "Rob Thomas","correct":false,"count":"902"
Answers: "Carlos Santana","correct":true,"count":"14,380"
Answers: "Neither","correct":false,"count":"895"}]
Answers: "Grandma","correct":true,"count":"2,505"
Answers: "Brother","correct":false,"count":"9,314"
Answers: "Father","correct":false,"count":"2,808"}]
Answers: "Lonzo","correct":true,"count":"85,920"
Answers: "LaVar","correct":false,"count":"24,300"
Answers: "LaMelo","correct":false,"count":"7,201"}]
Answers: "Ted Williams","correct":false,"count":"16,396"
Answers: "Roger Maris","correct":false,"count":"23,980"
Answers: "Babe Ruth","correct":true,"count":"73,254"}]
Answers: "MLB","correct":false,"count":"16,301"
Answers: "NFL","correct":true,"count":"88,039"
Answers: "NBA","correct":false,"count":"6,350"}]
Answers: "Lakers","correct":false,"count":"46,986"
Answers: "Knicks","correct":true,"count":"40,887"
Answers: "Warriors","correct":false,"count":"20,333"}]
Answers: "Derrick Thomas","correct":true,"count":"34,276"
Answers: "JJ Watt","correct":false,"count":"23,989"
Answers: "Michael Strahan","correct":false,"count":"44,155"}]
Answers: "David Blatt","correct":true,"count":"19,152"
Answers: "Gregg Popovich","correct":false,"count":"51,832"
Answers: "Scott Brooks","correct":false,"count":"17,300"}]
Answers: "Cleveland Indians","correct":true,"count":"10,782"
Answers: "Baltimore Orioles","correct":false,"count":"16,631"
Answers: "Montreal Expos","correct":false,"count":"7,324"}]
Answers: "Detroit Red Wings","correct":true,"count":"7,488"
Answers: "Chicago Blackhawks","correct":false,"count":"2,131"
Answers: "Boston Bruins","correct":false,"count":"3,019"}]
Answers: "Kurt Busch","correct":false,"count":"1,495"
Answers: "Robby Gordon","correct":true,"count":"2,788"
Answers: "Tony Stewart","correct":false,"count":"3,551"}]
Answers: "World Cup","correct":false,"count":"247"
Answers: "British Open","correct":false,"count":"1,084"
Answers: "America’s Cup","correct":true,"count":"2,270"}]
Answers: "Triple Crown","correct":false,"count":"457"
Answers: "Sub-4 minute mile","correct":true,"count":"1,374"
Answers: "10 Olympic medals","correct":false,"count":"625"}]
Answers: "Centerfielder","correct":false,"count":"327"
Answers: "Pitcher","correct":true,"count":"977"
Answers: "Shortstop","correct":false,"count":"311"}]
Answers: "Sweet Home Alabama","correct":false,"count":"7,381"
Answers: "Notting Hill","correct":true,"count":"354,381"
Answers: "Sleepless in Seattle","correct":false,"count":"5,855"}]
Answers: "William Shakespeare","correct":true,"count":"275,814"
Answers: "Aaron Sorkin","correct":false,"count":"70,359"
Answers: "JK Rowling","correct":false,"count":"19,850"}]
Answers: "Matthew McConaughey","correct":true,"count":"323,107"
Answers: "Gerard Butler","correct":false,"count":"16,384"
Answers: "John Cusack","correct":false,"count":"16,522"}]
Answers: "Bird","correct":true,"count":"154,717"
Answers: "Fish","correct":false,"count":"50,150"
Answers: "Worm","correct":false,"count":"136,598"}]
Answers: "My Best Friend’s Wedding","correct":false,"count":"70,372"
Answers: "Valentine’s Day","correct":false,"count":"52,855"
Answers: "Runaway Bride","correct":true,"count":"197,377"}]
Answers: "Josie Grossie","correct":false,"count":"101,141"
Answers: "Julia Gulia","correct":true,"count":"156,102"
Answers: "Jessica Messica","correct":false,"count":"18,772"}]
Answers: "PS I Love You","correct":true,"count":"93,208"
Answers: "A Walk to Remember","correct":false,"count":"20,366"
Answers: "Nights in Rodanthe","correct":false,"count":"68,047"}]
Answers: "Shopgirl","correct":true,"count":"83,704"
Answers: "AustenFan","correct":false,"count":"11,081"
Answers: "UpperWestSider","correct":false,"count":"9,368"}]
Answers: "Crazy Rich Asians","correct":true,"count":"26,090"
Answers: "Jerry Maguire","correct":false,"count":"24,209"
Answers: "Sex and the City","correct":false,"count":"33,449"}]
Answers: "Maid in Manhattan","correct":true,"count":"26,777"
Answers: "The Wedding Planner","correct":false,"count":"5,638"
Answers: "Monster-in-Law","correct":false,"count":"7,516"}]
Answers: "Terry Crews","correct":false,"count":"3,886"
Answers: "LL Cool J","correct":true,"count":"13,774"
Answers: "Gabrielle Union","correct":false,"count":"11,230"}]
Answers: "You’re So Vain","correct":false,"count":"6,203"
Answers: "Respect","correct":true,"count":"3,903"
Answers: "Mr. Big Stuff","correct":false,"count":"6,688"}]
Answers: "Font","correct":false,"count":"1,592"
Answers: "Cover","correct":true,"count":"203,949"
Answers: "Index","correct":false,"count":"657"}]
Answers: "Cardi B","correct":true,"count":"197,766"
Answers: "Lady Gaga","correct":false,"count":"6,144"
Answers: "Taylor Swift","correct":false,"count":"2,062"}]
Answers: "Mick Jagger","correct":true,"count":"188,466"
Answers: "Charlie Watts","correct":false,"count":"2,793"
Answers: "Keith Richards","correct":false,"count":"12,444"}]
Answers: "Tiramisu","correct":false,"count":"9,146"
Answers: "Croissant","correct":true,"count":"172,724"
Answers: "Matzoh","correct":false,"count":"15,300"}]
Answers: "Chicago","correct":false,"count":"50,309"
Answers: "Avatar","correct":true,"count":"71,339"
Answers: "The Departed","correct":false,"count":"68,425"}]
Answers: "Circular reasoning","correct":true,"count":"90,996"
Answers: "Appeal to authority","correct":false,"count":"46,828"
Answers: "Moving the goalposts","correct":false,"count":"13,697"}]
Answers: "Decoration Day","correct":true,"count":"29,592"
Answers: "Independence Day","correct":false,"count":"6,436"
Answers: "Remembrance Day","correct":false,"count":"65,345"}]
Answers: "Ten / 6","correct":false,"count":"3,827"
Answers: "Ace / 5","correct":true,"count":"18,255"
Answers: "Pair of 8s","correct":false,"count":"10,857"}]
Answers: "Norman Mailer","correct":false,"count":"3,555"
Answers: "Madeleine Albright","correct":false,"count":"9,031"
Answers: "Katie Couric","correct":true,"count":"8,054"}]
Answers: "Barney Google","correct":false,"count":"1,368"
Answers: "Fiddleston Follies","correct":false,"count":"2,565"
Answers: "Thimble Theater","correct":true,"count":"5,661"}]
Answers: "Malta","correct":true,"count":"1,786"
Answers: "Liberia","correct":false,"count":"1,093"
Answers: "Myanmar","correct":false,"count":"3,429"}]
Answers: "LifeCall","correct":true,"count":"1,794"
Answers: "TheraSave","correct":false,"count":"215"
Answers: "MedAlert","correct":false,"count":"1,094"}]
Answers: "Liver","correct":false,"count":"3,994"
Answers: "Heart","correct":true,"count":"354,289"
Answers: "Church organ","correct":false,"count":"782"}]
Answers: "String cheese","correct":false,"count":"4,745"
Answers: "The moon","correct":true,"count":"348,021"
Answers: "Instagram Stories","correct":false,"count":"2,928"}]
Answers: "Triangle","correct":true,"count":"341,886"
Answers: "Circle","correct":false,"count":"6,311"
Answers: "Cube","correct":false,"count":"9,454"}]
Answers: "The Voice","correct":true,"count":"319,730"
Answers: "American Idol","correct":false,"count":"10,159"
Answers: "America’s Got Talent","correct":false,"count":"22,883"}]
Answers: "Cat","correct":true,"count":"189,709"
Answers: "Dog","correct":false,"count":"51,454"
Answers: "Horse","correct":false,"count":"104,724"}]
Answers: "Fish","correct":false,"count":"131,484"
Answers: "Oranges","correct":true,"count":"113,144"
Answers: "Bread","correct":false,"count":"53,292"}]
Answers: "The Beach Boys","correct":false,"count":"57,123"
Answers: "The Monkees","correct":true,"count":"75,102"
Answers: "Herb Alpert","correct":false,"count":"20,033"}]
Answers: "Arthur Conan Doyle","correct":false,"count":"23,551"
Answers: "PG Wodehouse","correct":true,"count":"37,989"
Answers: "JM Barrie","correct":false,"count":"26,581"}]
Answers: "We hold these truths","correct":false,"count":"17,111"
Answers: "Well-regulated militia","correct":false,"count":"3,290"
Answers: "Domestic tranquility","correct":true,"count":"26,543"}]
Answers: "Oakens","correct":false,"count":"3,299"
Answers: "Meeples","correct":true,"count":"23,356"
Answers: "Freddies","correct":false,"count":"3,131"}]
Answers: "Poland / Monaco","correct":false,"count":"1,576"
Answers: "Haiti / Liechtenstein","correct":true,"count":"19,167"
Answers: "Cuba / Chile","correct":false,"count":"3,090"}]
Answers: "Midsummer Night’s Dream","correct":false,"count":"3,486"
Answers: "Much Ado About Nothing","correct":true,"count":"7,080"
Answers: "Love’s Labour’s Lost","correct":false,"count":"9,037"}]
Answers: "Straightening","correct":false,"count":"1,747"
Answers: "Perming","correct":false,"count":"1,294"
Answers: "Curling","correct":true,"count":"105,517"}]
Answers: "Lindsey Vonn","correct":true,"count":"96,393"
Answers: "Mikaela Shiffrin","correct":false,"count":"7,263"
Answers: "Ingemar Stenmark","correct":false,"count":"5,681"}]
Answers: "Anthony Davis","correct":false,"count":"32,449"
Answers: "Andrew Wiggins","correct":false,"count":"22,228"
Answers: "Markelle Fultz","correct":true,"count":"52,639"}]
Answers: "Dee Gordon","correct":false,"count":"46,021"
Answers: "Whit Merrifield","correct":true,"count":"31,132"
Answers: "Trea Turner","correct":false,"count":"24,883"}]
Answers: "Springfield Strikeforce","correct":false,"count":"18,202"
Answers: "Birmingham Iron","correct":true,"count":"59,234"
Answers: "Daytona Surf","correct":false,"count":"17,012"}]
Answers: "Tom Brady","correct":false,"count":"31,288"
Answers: "Peyton Manning","correct":false,"count":"22,101"
Answers: "Drew Brees","correct":true,"count":"37,443"}]
Answers: "Ray Bourque","correct":false,"count":"5,415"
Answers: "Bobby Orr","correct":true,"count":"46,567"
Answers: "Phil Esposito","correct":false,"count":"6,683"}]
Answers: "Al Unser","correct":true,"count":"15,836"
Answers: "Bobby Unser","correct":false,"count":"11,514"
Answers: "Al Unser Jr.","correct":false,"count":"17,541"}]
Answers: "USA","correct":false,"count":"3,769"
Answers: "Jamaica","correct":false,"count":"12,540"
Answers: "Poland","correct":true,"count":"1,865"}]
Answers: "76ers","correct":true,"count":"1,843"
Answers: "Warriors","correct":false,"count":"1,169"
Answers: "Knicks","correct":false,"count":"1,671"}]
Answers: "Wayne Gretzky","correct":false,"count":"162"
Answers: "Jonathan Toews","correct":true,"count":"1,339"
Answers: "Mario Lemieux","correct":false,"count":"671"}]
Answers: "Milwaukee Brewers","correct":false,"count":"481"
Answers: "San Diego Padres","correct":true,"count":"490"
Answers: "Texas Rangers","correct":false,"count":"415"}]
Answers: "Oval","correct":false,"count":"2,287"
Answers: "Square","correct":true,"count":"311,170"
Answers: "Sphere","correct":false,"count":"1,620"}]
Answers: "Items that spark joy","correct":false,"count":"40,109"
Answers: "My shot","correct":true,"count":"263,673"
Answers: "These recyclables","correct":false,"count":"8,608"}]
Answers: "Is","correct":false,"count":"58,288"
Answers: "The","correct":false,"count":"55,793"
Answers: "On","correct":true,"count":"193,281"}]
Answers: "Rastus Grunch","correct":false,"count":"9,862"
Answers: "Lemony Snicket","correct":true,"count":"267,802"
Answers: "Horace Trillby","correct":false,"count":"17,318"}]
Answers: "Terminator 2","correct":true,"count":"145,012"
Answers: "Die Hard","correct":false,"count":"46,004"
Answers: "Family Matters","correct":false,"count":"94,612"}]
Answers: "San Marino","correct":false,"count":"11,866"
Answers: "Liechtenstein","correct":false,"count":"63,538"
Answers: "Luxembourg","correct":true,"count":"194,149"}]
Answers: "Desert","correct":false,"count":"51,184"
Answers: "Ocean","correct":false,"count":"107,633"
Answers: "Jungle","correct":true,"count":"57,433"}]
Answers: "Wiffle ball","correct":true,"count":"38,925"
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"16,388"
Answers: "Volleyball","correct":false,"count":"17,484"}]
Answers: "Russia","correct":false,"count":"4,743"
Answers: "France","correct":false,"count":"5,493"
Answers: "Netherlands","correct":true,"count":"31,330"}]
Answers: "Bromine","correct":true,"count":"26,982"
Answers: "Fluorine","correct":false,"count":"1,914"
Answers: "Iodine","correct":false,"count":"3,344"}]
Answers: "In the spa","correct":false,"count":"943"
Answers: "Under vacuum","correct":true,"count":"22,022"
Answers: "Living sauce","correct":false,"count":"2,759"}]
Answers: "Microsoft","correct":false,"count":"11,139"
Answers: "Apple","correct":false,"count":"4,995"
Answers: "Casio","correct":true,"count":"5,978"}]
Answers: "Be Mine","correct":true,"count":"196,908"
Answers: "Do Not Eat","correct":false,"count":"2,379"
Answers: "Get Out!","correct":false,"count":"761"}]
Answers: "Joan of Arc","correct":false,"count":"4,375"
Answers: "Lady Godiva","correct":true,"count":"186,892"
Answers: "Eleanor Roosevelt","correct":false,"count":"9,188"}]
Answers: "Vanilla","correct":false,"count":"36,162"
Answers: "Chocolate","correct":true,"count":"144,015"
Answers: "Neapolitan","correct":false,"count":"15,847"}]
Answers: "Macadamia","correct":false,"count":"14,918"
Answers: "Pecan","correct":false,"count":"6,484"
Answers: "Hazelnut","correct":true,"count":"166,203"}]
Answers: "Mr. Chocolate","correct":true,"count":"96,277"
Answers: "Dr. Sweet","correct":false,"count":"52,187"
Answers: "Monsieur Yummy","correct":false,"count":"34,118"}]
Answers: "Fish-shaped sweet bread","correct":false,"count":"48,808"
Answers: "Frozen sticky rice","correct":false,"count":"30,335"
Answers: "Black noodles","correct":true,"count":"69,810"}]
Answers: "Jem","correct":false,"count":"8,963"
Answers: "Josie and the Pussycats","correct":false,"count":"28,937"
Answers: "The Archies","correct":true,"count":"65,537"}]
Answers: "Dunk in Love","correct":false,"count":"9,371"
Answers: "Dear Cupid Send Oreos","correct":false,"count":"39,520"
Answers: "Hi, Sweet Stuff","correct":true,"count":"16,384"}]
Answers: "Channing Tatum","correct":false,"count":"2,625"
Answers: "Patrick Dempsey","correct":true,"count":"17,515"
Answers: "Eric Bana","correct":false,"count":"3,007"}]
Answers: "Goldfish","correct":false,"count":"4,971"
Answers: "Iced water","correct":false,"count":"4,574"
Answers: "Candy","correct":true,"count":"8,391"}]
Answers: "Chan and Jan forever","correct":true,"count":"6,151"
Answers: "Forever, seriously","correct":false,"count":"1,314"
Answers: "You can’t run","correct":false,"count":"2,407"}]
Answers: "Art","correct":false,"count":"2,882"
Answers: "Shiny things","correct":false,"count":"2,632"
Answers: "Real estate","correct":true,"count":"1,724"}]
Answers: "New York City","correct":true,"count":"331,461"
Answers: "Sin City","correct":false,"count":"9,482"
Answers: "Emerald City","correct":false,"count":"2,124"}]
Answers: "Mr. Miniature","correct":false,"count":"3,846"
Answers: "Mr. Big","correct":true,"count":"323,590"
Answers: "Mr. Man","correct":false,"count":"17,091"}]
Answers: "Manolo Blahnik","correct":true,"count":"319,590"
Answers: "Nike","correct":false,"count":"12,645"
Answers: "Crocs","correct":false,"count":"10,345"}]
Answers: "Law","correct":false,"count":"116,204"
Answers: "Medicine","correct":false,"count":"19,548"
Answers: "Art","correct":true,"count":"203,015"}]
Answers: "I’m sorry","correct":false,"count":"54,969"
Answers: "Don’t hate me","correct":false,"count":"80,289"
Answers: "I’m out","correct":true,"count":"183,815"}]
Answers: "Cosmopolitan","correct":false,"count":"139,251"
Answers: "Sauvignon blanc","correct":false,"count":"14,072"
Answers: "Dirty martini","correct":true,"count":"145,220"}]
Answers: "Alrighty.","correct":true,"count":"139,128"
Answers: "Super!","correct":false,"count":"34,823"
Answers: "Yes, dear.","correct":false,"count":"39,897"}]
Answers: "You’re gonna hurt him!","correct":false,"count":"11,277"
Answers: "You’re being idiots!","correct":false,"count":"36,536"
Answers: "You’re middle-aged!","correct":true,"count":"92,509"}]
Answers: "Meatpacking District","correct":false,"count":"12,622"
Answers: "Bar","correct":false,"count":"21,550"
Answers: "Street","correct":true,"count":"64,853"}]
Answers: "Yoga instructor","correct":true,"count":"53,044"
Answers: "Farmer","correct":false,"count":"10,403"
Answers: "Wrestling coach","correct":false,"count":"6,592"}]
Answers: "Steve’s attitude","correct":false,"count":"3,939"
Answers: "Housekeeper’s judgement","correct":false,"count":"13,432"
Answers: "Always talking about men","correct":true,"count":"38,696"}]
Answers: "Outrageous","correct":false,"count":"6,103"
Answers: "Consuming","correct":true,"count":"24,620"
Answers: "Authentic","correct":false,"count":"10,325"}]
Answers: "Microsoft","correct":true,"count":"288,531"
Answers: "Microwaved soup","correct":false,"count":"3,099"
Answers: "Madonna’s sandwich","correct":false,"count":"1,273"}]
Answers: "1962 Denver Phone Book","correct":false,"count":"1,714"
Answers: "Green Eggs and Ham","correct":true,"count":"291,975"
Answers: "Catch-22","correct":false,"count":"1,792"}]
Answers: "Jolt Cola","correct":true,"count":"271,831"
Answers: "LaCroix","correct":false,"count":"16,556"
Answers: "Evian","correct":false,"count":"4,389"}]
Answers: "Emancipation","correct":true,"count":"263,387"
Answers: "Suffrage","correct":false,"count":"12,076"
Answers: "Prohibition","correct":false,"count":"12,771"}]
Answers: "Paraguay","correct":false,"count":"36,088"
Answers: "Bolivia","correct":false,"count":"54,990"
Answers: "Peru","correct":true,"count":"189,223"}]
Answers: "Dice","correct":true,"count":"111,395"
Answers: "Spoons","correct":false,"count":"106,154"
Answers: "Shoes","correct":false,"count":"39,193"}]
Answers: "Coco Chanel","correct":false,"count":"37,070"
Answers: "Yves Saint Laurent","correct":false,"count":"41,814"
Answers: "Tom Ford","correct":true,"count":"100,714"}]
Answers: "Edge of Space","correct":true,"count":"67,474"
Answers: "Burj Khalifa","correct":false,"count":"15,345"
Answers: "Eiffel Tower","correct":false,"count":"20,122"}]
Answers: "Square","correct":true,"count":"22,735"
Answers: "Circle","correct":false,"count":"29,384"
Answers: "Sphere","correct":false,"count":"17,556"}]
Answers: "St. Louis","correct":false,"count":"4,359"
Answers: "Los Angeles","correct":true,"count":"8,564"
Answers: "Chicago","correct":false,"count":"15,466"}]
Answers: "Electron microscopy","correct":true,"count":"4,949"
Answers: "Uranium fission","correct":false,"count":"1,193"
Answers: "X-rays","correct":false,"count":"6,770"}]
Answers: "The Bodyguard","correct":false,"count":"1,792"
Answers: "Titanic","correct":false,"count":"1,701"
Answers: "Saturday Night Fever","correct":true,"count":"2,522"}]
Answers: "Gangnam Style","correct":false,"count":"1,988"
Answers: "Hey Jude","correct":true,"count":"276,740"}]
Answers: "In the wings","correct":true,"count":"254,225"
Answers: "On the tail","correct":false,"count":"15,517"
Answers: "On the beak","correct":false,"count":"11,035"}]
Answers: "1980s","correct":true,"count":"253,494"
Answers: "1920s","correct":false,"count":"13,175"
Answers: "1840s","correct":false,"count":"10,197"}]
Answers: "Vermont","correct":false,"count":"12,557"
Answers: "Reading","correct":true,"count":"220,275"
Answers: "Pacific","correct":false,"count":"43,071"}]
Answers: "Ice hockey","correct":false,"count":"23,978"
Answers: "Football","correct":true,"count":"211,385"
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"30,624"}]
Answers: "Done and done","correct":false,"count":"44,673"
Answers: "Face to face","correct":true,"count":"111,065"
Answers: "Eye to eye","correct":false,"count":"101,618"}]
Answers: "Prince Humperdinck","correct":false,"count":"73,078"
Answers: "Count Rugen","correct":true,"count":"80,275"
Answers: "Dread Pirate Roberts","correct":false,"count":"34,612"}]
Answers: "Rheostatic current","correct":false,"count":"7,627"
Answers: "Alternating current","correct":true,"count":"62,531"
Answers: "Direct current","correct":false,"count":"20,176"}]
Answers: "David Letterman","correct":true,"count":"32,060"
Answers: "Jay Leno","correct":false,"count":"20,702"
Answers: "Conan O’Brien","correct":false,"count":"12,304"}]
Answers: "Dominican Republic","correct":false,"count":"6,433"
Answers: "Barbados","correct":false,"count":"9,100"
Answers: "Haiti","correct":true,"count":"19,002"}]
Answers: "Cowardly Lion","correct":false,"count":"3,089"
Answers: "Tin Man","correct":true,"count":"9,252"
Answers: "Scarecrow","correct":false,"count":"9,014"}]
Answers: "Slinky","correct":false,"count":"3,536"
Answers: "Etch A Sketch","correct":true,"count":"2,935"
Answers: "Pac-Man","correct":false,"count":"5,933"}]
Answers: "Checkered","correct":true,"count":"122,262"
Answers: "Polka dot","correct":false,"count":"1,338"
Answers: "Swedish","correct":false,"count":"488"}]
Answers: "Mike Joy","correct":false,"count":"12,128"
Answers: "Darrell Waltrip","correct":true,"count":"95,165"
Answers: "Ken Squier","correct":false,"count":"15,351"}]
Answers: "Green bumper","correct":false,"count":"23,645"
Answers: "White “R” decal","correct":false,"count":"22,794"
Answers: "Yellow stripe","correct":true,"count":"72,080"}]
Answers: "Courtney Force","correct":false,"count":"5,950"
Answers: "Danica Patrick","correct":false,"count":"77,628"
Answers: "Janet Guthrie","correct":true,"count":"30,592"}]
Answers: "Sliced Bread","correct":true,"count":"40,649"
Answers: "Wild Thing","correct":false,"count":"40,980"
Answers: "The Cuban Missile","correct":false,"count":"22,809"}]
Answers: "Chevrolet","correct":true,"count":"55,294"
Answers: "Dodge","correct":false,"count":"12,839"
Answers: "Ford","correct":false,"count":"32,507"}]
Answers: "Rockingham Speedway","correct":false,"count":"10,540"
Answers: "Watkins Glen","correct":true,"count":"53,083"
Answers: "Memphis International","correct":false,"count":"19,088"}]
Answers: "Jack Roush","correct":false,"count":"6,502"
Answers: "Jeff Gordon","correct":true,"count":"29,104"
Answers: "Roger Penske","correct":false,"count":"17,203"}]
Answers: "Bobby","correct":false,"count":"15,481"
Answers: "Donnie","correct":true,"count":"7,318"
Answers: "Davey","correct":false,"count":"7,503"}]
Answers: "Eldora","correct":true,"count":"3,746"
Answers: "Chicagoland","correct":false,"count":"893"
Answers: "Martinsville","correct":false,"count":"5,404"}]
Answers: "Dale Earnhardt Jr.","correct":false,"count":"1,627"
Answers: "Richard Petty","correct":false,"count":"426"
Answers: "Bill Elliott","correct":true,"count":"2,563"}]
Answers: "Jimmie Johnson","correct":false,"count":"1,013"
Answers: "Matt Kenseth","correct":true,"count":"1,110"
Answers: "Kevin Harvick","correct":false,"count":"809"}]
Answers: "Trash robot","correct":false,"count":"2,067"
Answers: "Car","correct":false,"count":"3,524"
Answers: "Fish","correct":true,"count":"542,605"}]
Answers: "I’ll be back","correct":false,"count":"3,894"
Answers: "To infinity, and beyond!","correct":true,"count":"541,573"
Answers: "Yo Adrian!","correct":false,"count":"2,766"}]
Answers: "Sleepiness","correct":false,"count":"23,512"
Answers: "Surprise","correct":false,"count":"32,212"
Answers: "Joy","correct":true,"count":"488,250"}]
Answers: "Day of the Dead","correct":true,"count":"502,771"
Answers: "New Year’s Day","correct":false,"count":"17,004"
Answers: "Groundhog Day","correct":false,"count":"13,311"}]
Answers: "Symptome","correct":false,"count":"33,862"
Answers: "Syndrome","correct":true,"count":"436,772"
Answers: "Symbiote","correct":false,"count":"54,203"}]
Answers: "Presto","correct":false,"count":"77,632"
Answers: "Bao","correct":true,"count":"370,371"
Answers: "Piper","correct":false,"count":"53,201"}]
Answers: "Toy Story","correct":false,"count":"109,929"
Answers: "Cars","correct":false,"count":"183,292"
Answers: "Finding Dory","correct":true,"count":"120,029"}]
Answers: "Show outtakes","correct":true,"count":"97,110"
Answers: "Show a live-action actor","correct":false,"count":"13,444"
Answers: "Win an Oscar","correct":false,"count":"63,327"}]
Answers: "Fish","correct":false,"count":"54,731"
Answers: "Roasted items","correct":false,"count":"36,781"
Answers: "Vegetables","correct":true,"count":"13,655"}]
Answers: "Monsters, Inc.","correct":true,"count":"5,454"
Answers: "Cars","correct":false,"count":"2,241"
Answers: "Toy Story","correct":false,"count":"20,587"}]
Answers: "Shower and shave","correct":true,"count":"4,898"
Answers: "Glasses and wig","correct":false,"count":"1,463"
Answers: "Hot towel","correct":false,"count":"1,264"}]
Answers: "Snaps a wooden log","correct":true,"count":"1,753"
Answers: "Walk on fire","correct":false,"count":"1,596"
Answers: "Lift a boulder","correct":false,"count":"1,805"}]
Answers: "Cars 2","correct":false,"count":"458"
Answers: "Toy Story 3","correct":true,"count":"812"
Answers: "Monsters University","correct":false,"count":"772"}]
Answers: "Rainbow belt","correct":false,"count":"85"
Answers: "Fingerless gloves","correct":true,"count":"572"
Answers: "Striped tie","correct":false,"count":"243"}]
Answers: "He knows just what to do","correct":false,"count":"133"
Answers: "He’s a real cowboy","correct":false,"count":"95"
Answers: "He'll be there for you","correct":true,"count":"368"}]
Answers: "Playoff Rondo","correct":false,"count":"3,269"
Answers: "Swaggy P","correct":false,"count":"2,632"
Answers: "Kareem Abdul-Jabbar","correct":true,"count":"117,036"}]
Answers: "Hank Aaron","correct":true,"count":"98,917"
Answers: "Rod Carew","correct":false,"count":"3,482"
Answers: "Reggie Jackson","correct":false,"count":"19,829"}]
Answers: "Jack Johnson","correct":false,"count":"8,581"
Answers: "Sugar Ray Robinson","correct":false,"count":"33,953"
Answers: "Muhammad Ali","correct":true,"count":"76,554"}]
Answers: "Curt Flood","correct":false,"count":"9,387"
Answers: "Larry Doby","correct":true,"count":"28,723"
Answers: "Jackie Robinson","correct":false,"count":"77,530"}]
Answers: "Most career rebounds","correct":true,"count":"33,450"
Answers: "Most titles as a player","correct":false,"count":"27,921"
Answers: "First black head coach","correct":false,"count":"43,322"}]
Answers: "Wimbledon titles","correct":false,"count":"26,059"
Answers: "Olympic gold medals","correct":true,"count":"21,958"
Answers: "Grand Slam titles","correct":false,"count":"49,424"}]
Answers: "IndyCar","correct":false,"count":"15,555"
Answers: "Formula 1","correct":true,"count":"44,190"
Answers: "NASCAR","correct":false,"count":"17,453"}]
Answers: "Chicago","correct":true,"count":"20,716"
Answers: "Los Angeles","correct":false,"count":"9,206"
Answers: "Atlanta","correct":false,"count":"15,075"}]
Answers: "Cincinnati","correct":false,"count":"3,765"
Answers: "Kentucky","correct":false,"count":"5,038"
Answers: "Texas Western","correct":true,"count":"12,957"}]
Answers: "100 meters","correct":false,"count":"2,174"
Answers: "400 meter hurdles","correct":false,"count":"3,764"
Answers: "200 meters","correct":true,"count":"7,549"}]
Answers: "Join the LPGA","correct":false,"count":"1,784"
Answers: "Get a Wimbledon invite","correct":false,"count":"2,271"
Answers: "Win an NCAA title","correct":true,"count":"4,350"}]
Answers: "Alabama","correct":false,"count":"481"
Answers: "Syracuse","correct":true,"count":"4,149"
Answers: "Army","correct":false,"count":"820"}]
Answers: "Birds' nests","correct":true,"count":"245,474"
Answers: "Fried noodles","correct":false,"count":"122,800"
Answers: "Shredded cabbage","correct":false,"count":"47,213"}]
Answers: "Downs","correct":false,"count":"7,376"
Answers: "Innings","correct":true,"count":"381,328"
Answers: "Decades","correct":false,"count":"5,119"}]
Answers: "Clam","correct":false,"count":"41,380"
Answers: "Lobster","correct":true,"count":"338,485"
Answers: "Herring","correct":false,"count":"11,820"}]
Answers: "Eddie Murphy","correct":false,"count":"71,443"
Answers: "Dan Aykroyd","correct":true,"count":"265,311"
Answers: "Adam Sandler","correct":false,"count":"46,789"}]
Answers: "Summer","correct":false,"count":"109,857"
Answers: "Skipper","correct":true,"count":"233,981"
Answers: "Midge","correct":false,"count":"34,509"}]
Answers: "Dinosaur","correct":false,"count":"49,069"
Answers: "Insect","correct":false,"count":"233,133"
Answers: "Vehicle","correct":true,"count":"79,303"}]
Answers: "“Move on”","correct":true,"count":"36,604"
Answers: "“Abandon your heart”","correct":false,"count":"42,276"
Answers: "It’s never stated","correct":false,"count":"167,561"}]
Answers: "Toad","correct":false,"count":"15,688"
Answers: "Lion","correct":false,"count":"7,691"
Answers: "Koala","correct":true,"count":"46,818"}]
Answers: "Wisconsin","correct":false,"count":"14,462"
Answers: "Connecticut","correct":true,"count":"17,186"
Answers: "Nebraska","correct":false,"count":"17,686"}]
Answers: "Lamé","correct":true,"count":"8,364"
Answers: "Hemp","correct":false,"count":"5,081"
Answers: "Chiffon","correct":false,"count":"7,519"}]
Answers: "Lions","correct":true,"count":"3,640"
Answers: "Packers","correct":false,"count":"2,304"
Answers: "Bills","correct":false,"count":"4,205"}]
Answers: "Grover Cleveland","correct":false,"count":"1,295"
Answers: "William McKinley","correct":false,"count":"1,518"
Answers: "Benjamin Harrison","correct":true,"count":"1,702"}]
Answers: "Butternut squash","correct":false,"count":"5,486"
Answers: "Panache","correct":false,"count":"19,175"
Answers: "Ganache","correct":true,"count":"153,719"}]
Answers: "Cockney","correct":false,"count":"38,650"
Answers: "Australian","correct":false,"count":"25,428"
Answers: "New York","correct":true,"count":"109,900"}]
Answers: "Harry Nilsson","correct":false,"count":"30,826"
Answers: "Elvis Presley","correct":false,"count":"19,726"
Answers: "Meghan Trainor","correct":true,"count":"116,557"}]
Answers: "Camford","correct":false,"count":"25,381"
Answers: "Oxbridge","correct":true,"count":"130,974"
Answers: "Coxbord","correct":false,"count":"7,193"}]
Answers: "Denmark","correct":false,"count":"50,612"
Answers: "Finland","correct":true,"count":"58,887"
Answers: "Norway","correct":false,"count":"50,222"}]
Answers: "Cluster","correct":false,"count":"66,445"
Answers: "Milky","correct":true,"count":"40,765"
Answers: "Spiral","correct":false,"count":"41,709"}]
Answers: "Manhattan","correct":false,"count":"8,214"
Answers: "Brooklyn","correct":false,"count":"27,745"
Answers: "Bronx","correct":true,"count":"77,062"}]
Answers: "Enlightenment","correct":false,"count":"18,968"
Answers: "Victorian era","correct":false,"count":"28,458"
Answers: "Renaissance","correct":true,"count":"31,473"}]
Answers: "Shark","correct":false,"count":"1,466"
Answers: "Sea snake","correct":true,"count":"13,516"
Answers: "Whale","correct":false,"count":"19,154"}]
Answers: "Italy","correct":false,"count":"2,526"
Answers: "Greece","correct":false,"count":"8,157"
Answers: "United States","correct":true,"count":"5,468"}]
Answers: "Wyoming","correct":false,"count":"2,283"
Answers: "California","correct":true,"count":"3,334"
Answers: "Utah","correct":false,"count":"1,545"}]
Answers: "Judo","correct":false,"count":"1,891"
Answers: "Taekwondo","correct":false,"count":"964"
Answers: "Jujitsu","correct":true,"count":"1,382"}]
Answers: "Paper and scissors","correct":false,"count":"4,030"
Answers: "Roll","correct":true,"count":"333,836"
Answers: "A hard place","correct":false,"count":"3,281"}]
Answers: "Squirrel","correct":true,"count":"343,329"
Answers: "Blue whale","correct":false,"count":"1,513"
Answers: "Toucan","correct":false,"count":"528"}]
Answers: "Karl Lagerfeld","correct":true,"count":"221,781"
Answers: "Christian Dior","correct":false,"count":"108,227"
Answers: "Jacobim Mugatu","correct":false,"count":"12,043"}]
Answers: "0 balls / 3 strikes","correct":false,"count":"30,695"
Answers: "3 balls / 2 strikes","correct":true,"count":"275,911"
Answers: "4 balls / 1 strike","correct":false,"count":"20,292"}]
Answers: "Ion","correct":false,"count":"24,939"
Answers: "Upsilon","correct":true,"count":"223,483"
Answers: "Meta","correct":false,"count":"75,551"}]
Answers: "Legion","correct":true,"count":"205,881"
Answers: "Black Lightning","correct":false,"count":"74,602"
Answers: "Swamp Thing","correct":false,"count":"31,214"}]
Answers: "Tales of Beedle the Bard","correct":false,"count":"92,304"
Answers: "The Casual Vacancy","correct":false,"count":"106,063"
Answers: "The Cuckoo’s Calling","correct":true,"count":"71,516"}]
Answers: "Flip Flyer","correct":false,"count":"35,662"
Answers: "Pluto Platter","correct":true,"count":"31,967"
Answers: "Sky Sailor","correct":false,"count":"23,906"}]
Answers: "Oklahoma","correct":false,"count":"12,340"
Answers: "Wyoming","correct":true,"count":"20,294"
Answers: "Minnesota","correct":false,"count":"5,372"}]
Answers: "Hastings","correct":false,"count":"4,585"
Answers: "Gettysburg","correct":false,"count":"2,681"
Answers: "Waterloo","correct":true,"count":"15,580"}]
Answers: "Being John Malkovich","correct":false,"count":"3,088"
Answers: "Total Recall","correct":false,"count":"2,396"
Answers: "The Truman Show","correct":true,"count":"11,127"}]
Answers: "Cool","correct":false,"count":"2,926"
Answers: "Swish","correct":false,"count":"3,649"
Answers: "Okay","correct":true,"count":"5,643"}]
Answers: "Ice dancing","correct":false,"count":"2,723"
Answers: "Rugby","correct":true,"count":"105,873"
Answers: "Fishing","correct":false,"count":"1,449"}]
Answers: "360","correct":false,"count":"19,031"
Answers: "900","correct":true,"count":"90,803"
Answers: "90","correct":false,"count":"906"}]
Answers: "San Diego Padres","correct":true,"count":"75,461"
Answers: "Chicago White Sox","correct":false,"count":"13,936"
Answers: "Philadelphia Phillies","correct":false,"count":"18,301"}]
Answers: "Indiana","correct":false,"count":"22,511"
Answers: "Connecticut","correct":false,"count":"56,096"
Answers: "Texas","correct":true,"count":"24,804"}]
Answers: "Brooklyn Nets","correct":true,"count":"55,121"
Answers: "Golden State Warriors","correct":false,"count":"26,434"
Answers: "Houston Rockets","correct":false,"count":"15,522"}]
Answers: "Muhammad Ali","correct":false,"count":"26,364"
Answers: "Jack Johnson","correct":false,"count":"17,063"
Answers: "Joe Louis","correct":true,"count":"51,050"}]
Answers: "Portland","correct":false,"count":"15,770"
Answers: "Montreal","correct":true,"count":"41,888"
Answers: "Nashville","correct":false,"count":"26,275"}]
Answers: "Gator","correct":false,"count":"9,679"
Answers: "Holiday","correct":false,"count":"4,875"
Answers: "Peach","correct":true,"count":"32,123"}]
Answers: "Tony Stewart","correct":false,"count":"11,715"
Answers: "Dario Franchitti","correct":false,"count":"11,167"
Answers: "Dan Gurney","correct":true,"count":"10,736"}]
Answers: "Wide receiver","correct":true,"count":"9,240"
Answers: "Cornerback","correct":false,"count":"3,139"
Answers: "Kicker","correct":false,"count":"3,138"}]
Answers: "Gil Hodges","correct":false,"count":"968"
Answers: "Red Schoendienst","correct":true,"count":"7,117"
Answers: "Yogi Berra","correct":false,"count":"1,549"}]
Answers: "Boston Bruins","correct":false,"count":"1,042"
Answers: "St. Louis Blues","correct":true,"count":"2,757"
Answers: "Montreal Canadiens","correct":false,"count":"3,632"}]
Answers: "Squeegees","correct":false,"count":"2,546"
Answers: "Squirrels","correct":false,"count":"2,204"
Answers: "Squats","correct":true,"count":"370,807"}]
Answers: "Yellowjacket","correct":false,"count":"6,264"
Answers: "Naked mole-rat","correct":true,"count":"365,089"
Answers: "Hornet","correct":false,"count":"5,283"}]
Answers: "Best Screenplay","correct":false,"count":"201,128"
Answers: "Best Director","correct":false,"count":"29,113"
Answers: "Best Supporting Actor","correct":true,"count":"139,924"}]
Answers: "Mississippi","correct":false,"count":"91,838"
Answers: "Georgia","correct":false,"count":"47,657"
Answers: "Alabama","correct":true,"count":"203,889"}]
Answers: "Land","correct":true,"count":"243,701"
Answers: "New","correct":false,"count":"34,815"
Answers: "California","correct":false,"count":"52,815"}]
Answers: "Donne","correct":false,"count":"17,196"
Answers: "Keats","correct":false,"count":"98,135"
Answers: "Milton","correct":true,"count":"183,060"}]
Answers: "Lunch","correct":true,"count":"82,362"
Answers: "Snack","correct":false,"count":"60,209"
Answers: "Supper","correct":false,"count":"61,796"}]
Answers: "Switzerland","correct":false,"count":"27,298"
Answers: "Denmark","correct":true,"count":"55,050"
Answers: "Norway","correct":false,"count":"28,584"}]
Answers: "Pedro Martinez","correct":true,"count":"29,417"
Answers: "Tom Glavine","correct":false,"count":"24,476"
Answers: "Roger Clemens","correct":false,"count":"13,384"}]
Answers: "Cosa Nostra","correct":false,"count":"3,967"
Answers: "Freemasons","correct":true,"count":"29,653"
Answers: "Skull and Bones","correct":false,"count":"4,997"}]
Answers: "Dollar","correct":true,"count":"6,267"
Answers: "Nickel","correct":false,"count":"10,187"
Answers: "Penny","correct":false,"count":"14,880"}]
Answers: "Stay Right There","correct":false,"count":"9,589"
Answers: "Get Out","correct":true,"count":"172,843"}]
Answers: "Intermission","correct":false,"count":"7,437"
Answers: "Overture","correct":false,"count":"31,175"
Answers: "Curtain call","correct":true,"count":"146,684"}]
Answers: "Earth","correct":false,"count":"5,457"
Answers: "Mars","correct":false,"count":"52,192"
Answers: "Neptune","correct":true,"count":"122,921"}]
Answers: "Argo","correct":true,"count":"67,500"
Answers: "The Silence of the Lambs","correct":false,"count":"38,633"
Answers: "It Happened One Night","correct":false,"count":"66,972"}]
Answers: "Winter","correct":false,"count":"26,413"
Answers: "Spring","correct":false,"count":"30,091"
Answers: "Summer","correct":true,"count":"109,780"}]
Answers: "The Broadway Melody","correct":true,"count":"51,023"
Answers: "Wings","correct":false,"count":"47,707"
Answers: "The Gold Rush","correct":false,"count":"58,640"}]
Answers: "Nut","correct":false,"count":"49,716"
Answers: "Vegetable","correct":false,"count":"36,759"
Answers: "Stem","correct":true,"count":"38,107"}]
Answers: "Patti LaBelle","correct":false,"count":"8,282"
Answers: "Björk","correct":false,"count":"14,699"
Answers: "Freddie Mercury","correct":true,"count":"24,811"}]
Answers: "Warren Beatty","correct":true,"count":"9,787"
Answers: "Julia Roberts","correct":false,"count":"5,173"
Answers: "John Cusack","correct":false,"count":"11,857"}]
Answers: "William Shakespeare","correct":true,"count":"5,101"
Answers: "Edgar Allan Poe","correct":false,"count":"5,574"
Answers: "HP Lovecraft","correct":false,"count":"1,836"}]
Answers: "Droids","correct":false,"count":"773"
Answers: "Ewoks","correct":false,"count":"830"
Answers: "Bounty Hunters","correct":true,"count":"5,055"}]
Answers: "Michael Biehn","correct":true,"count":"1,344"
Answers: "Lance Henriksen","correct":false,"count":"2,884"
Answers: "Bill Paxton","correct":false,"count":"859"}]
Answers: "Spicy Plumbus","correct":false,"count":"10,450"
Answers: "Pickle","correct":true,"count":"366,079"
Answers: "Rick’s Nest Soup","correct":false,"count":"20,439"}]
Answers: "Portal Gun","correct":true,"count":"369,991"
Answers: "Mario Party Phaser","correct":false,"count":"12,865"
Answers: "Fortnite Super Soaker","correct":false,"count":"10,109"}]
Answers: "Real Big Bird","correct":false,"count":"24,733"
Answers: "Birdperson","correct":true,"count":"196,917"
Answers: "Birdman","correct":false,"count":"167,632"}]
Answers: "Sit on the floor","correct":false,"count":"65,712"
Answers: "Clap your butt","correct":false,"count":"102,406"
Answers: "Take off your pants","correct":true,"count":"193,873"}]
Answers: "New Rick City","correct":false,"count":"72,165"
Answers: "The Citadel","correct":true,"count":"176,644"
Answers: "Ricklantis","correct":false,"count":"105,679"}]
Answers: "Help Jerry’s golf game","correct":false,"count":"55,263"
Answers: "Open a mayonnaise jar","correct":true,"count":"245,686"
Answers: "Clean the bathroom","correct":false,"count":"39,321"}]
Answers: "Bladder Falls","correct":false,"count":"56,184"
Answers: "Tilt A Hurl","correct":true,"count":"105,847"
Answers: "Alveoli Forest","correct":false,"count":"140,851"}]
Answers: "Dune","correct":false,"count":"36,232"
Answers: "Fitzcarraldo","correct":false,"count":"56,377"
Answers: "Videodrome","correct":true,"count":"48,801"}]
Answers: "A car that sneezes","correct":true,"count":"18,692"
Answers: "Augmented Crocodile","correct":false,"count":"16,005"
Answers: "Gazorpazorp Pops cereal","correct":false,"count":"24,059"}]
Answers: "Beth dumped him again","correct":false,"count":"4,758"
Answers: "Annoying me","correct":true,"count":"15,794"
Answers: "Earth went missing","correct":false,"count":"4,620"}]
Answers: "Pharrell","correct":false,"count":"2,597"
Answers: "Justin Bieber","correct":true,"count":"8,872"
Answers: "Billy Corgan","correct":false,"count":"5,366"}]
Answers: "Doc & Mharti","correct":true,"count":"5,120"
Answers: "Dr. & Martee","correct":false,"count":"1,604"
Answers: "Dock & Marty","correct":false,"count":"3,517"}]
Answers: "Basketball","correct":true,"count":"250,330"
Answers: "Darts","correct":false,"count":"4,043"
Answers: "Shuffleboard","correct":false,"count":"2,022"}]
Answers: "Bohemian Rhapsody","correct":false,"count":"12,501"
Answers: "Loving","correct":false,"count":"11,534"
Answers: "Hidden Figures","correct":true,"count":"233,764"}]
Answers: "Michael Johnson","correct":false,"count":"20,074"
Answers: "Jesse Owens","correct":true,"count":"192,637"
Answers: "Carl Lewis","correct":false,"count":"42,012"}]
Answers: "Harriet Tubman","correct":true,"count":"173,592"
Answers: "Lucy Stanton","correct":false,"count":"11,112"
Answers: "Sojourner Truth","correct":false,"count":"63,252"}]
Answers: "Sly Stone","correct":false,"count":"8,102"
Answers: "Richie Havens","correct":true,"count":"26,385"
Answers: "Jimi Hendrix","correct":false,"count":"209,199"}]
Answers: "WEB Du Bois","correct":true,"count":"102,027"
Answers: "Adam Clayton Powell Jr.","correct":false,"count":"74,096"
Answers: "James Baldwin","correct":false,"count":"44,743"}]
Answers: "Sun Ra","correct":true,"count":"37,668"
Answers: "John Coltrane","correct":false,"count":"118,314"
Answers: "Ornette Coleman","correct":false,"count":"40,165"}]
Answers: "Topeka","correct":false,"count":"7,708"
Answers: "Dallas","correct":false,"count":"12,435"
Answers: "Tulsa","correct":true,"count":"34,079"}]
Answers: "Bailey","correct":true,"count":"21,492"
Answers: "Boone","correct":false,"count":"7,257"
Answers: "Buford","correct":false,"count":"6,806"}]
Answers: "Langston Hughes","correct":false,"count":"2,860"
Answers: "Lorraine Hansberry","correct":false,"count":"1,638"
Answers: "August Wilson","correct":true,"count":"18,440"}]
Answers: "Ronald Everett","correct":false,"count":"3,360"
Answers: "Carter Woodson","correct":true,"count":"14,842"
Answers: "Maulana Karenga","correct":false,"count":"958"}]
Answers: "Fire!!","correct":true,"count":"9,621"
Answers: "Speak!!","correct":false,"count":"3,726"
Answers: "Now!!","correct":false,"count":"2,677"}]
Answers: "Lost","correct":true,"count":"296,478"
Answers: "Bad at racing","correct":false,"count":"5,509"
Answers: "Holding up brunch","correct":false,"count":"7,347"}]
Answers: "Potato bug","correct":false,"count":"1,471"
Answers: "Siamese cat","correct":false,"count":"1,913"
Answers: "Rooster","correct":true,"count":"308,521"}]
Answers: "Adjective","correct":true,"count":"309,479"
Answers: "Sedative","correct":false,"count":"1,753"
Answers: "Digestive","correct":false,"count":"1,166"}]
Answers: "Prawns","correct":true,"count":"248,578"
Answers: "Porcini","correct":false,"count":"39,636"
Answers: "Polenta","correct":false,"count":"22,179"}]
Answers: "The Newlywed Game","correct":false,"count":"5,985"
Answers: "Family Feud","correct":true,"count":"298,083"
Answers: "Card Sharks","correct":false,"count":"2,001"}]
Answers: "Secretary of State","correct":false,"count":"51,330"
Answers: "Attorney General","correct":true,"count":"160,434"
Answers: "Secretary of Commerce","correct":false,"count":"90,209"}]
Answers: "Virginia Woolf","correct":false,"count":"86,117"
Answers: "Leo Tolstoy","correct":true,"count":"73,398"
Answers: "Charles Dickens","correct":false,"count":"101,907"}]
Answers: "Portugal","correct":false,"count":"41,905"
Answers: "France","correct":true,"count":"29,240"
Answers: "Andorra","correct":false,"count":"30,594"}]
Answers: "The Shawshank Redemption","correct":false,"count":"3,443"
Answers: "Terms of Endearment","correct":true,"count":"31,260"
Answers: "Gandhi","correct":false,"count":"3,272"}]
Answers: "Woodrow Wilson","correct":false,"count":"1,607"
Answers: "Teddy Roosevelt","correct":false,"count":"7,563"
Answers: "William Howard Taft","correct":true,"count":"21,801"}]
Answers: "Nebelux","correct":true,"count":"2,515"
Answers: "Luxnebe","correct":false,"count":"1,704"
Answers: "Benelux","correct":false,"count":"18,617"}]
Answers: "Crossroads","correct":true,"count":"9,488"
Answers: "Oceans","correct":false,"count":"1,163"
Answers: "Libraries","correct":false,"count":"1,963"}]
Answers: "Bohemian Rhapsody","correct":false,"count":"5,511"
Answers: "The Terminator","correct":true,"count":"488,078"
Answers: "Roma","correct":false,"count":"2,923"}]
Answers: "Doink","correct":false,"count":"3,144"
Answers: "Car","correct":false,"count":"3,332"
Answers: "Wedding","correct":true,"count":"483,365"}]
Answers: "Midwestern","correct":true,"count":"381,574"
Answers: "Brooklyn","correct":false,"count":"71,341"
Answers: "Southern","correct":false,"count":"39,006"}]
Answers: "Serpico","correct":false,"count":"96,749"
Answers: "Scent of a Woman","correct":true,"count":"297,336"
Answers: "Dog Day Afternoon","correct":false,"count":"82,862"}]
Answers: "Straight Talk","correct":false,"count":"41,255"
Answers: "9 to 5","correct":true,"count":"317,458"
Answers: "Steel Magnolias","correct":false,"count":"107,440"}]
Answers: "Closer","correct":false,"count":"86,495"
Answers: "Inside Man","correct":true,"count":"209,368"
Answers: "Children of Men","correct":false,"count":"152,903"}]
Answers: "Oh, come on.","correct":false,"count":"67,741"
Answers: "Yes you did!","correct":false,"count":"67,601"
Answers: "I don't care.","correct":true,"count":"252,946"}]
Answers: "Haley Joel Osment","correct":false,"count":"102,254"
Answers: "Jacob Tremblay","correct":true,"count":"105,361"
Answers: "Saoirse Ronan","correct":false,"count":"83,516"}]
Answers: "Friends","correct":true,"count":"64,467"
Answers: "Grey’s Anatomy","correct":false,"count":"38,874"
Answers: "Sex and the City","correct":false,"count":"58,213"}]
Answers: "Jurassic Park","correct":true,"count":"43,965"
Answers: "Rocky 2","correct":false,"count":"7,495"
Answers: "Titanic","correct":false,"count":"33,998"}]
Answers: "Flapper","correct":false,"count":"19,353"
Answers: "Clown","correct":false,"count":"5,531"
Answers: "Goth","correct":true,"count":"25,470"}]
Answers: "Django Unchained","correct":false,"count":"4,879"
Answers: "Zodiac","correct":true,"count":"9,039"
Answers: "Goodfellas","correct":false,"count":"3,288"}]
Answers: "Charlize Theron","correct":false,"count":"591"
Answers: "Margot Robbie","correct":true,"count":"7,888"
Answers: "Diane Keaton","correct":false,"count":"1,362"}]
Answers: "Monsieur Thénardier","correct":false,"count":"728"
Answers: "Jean Valjean","correct":false,"count":"1,718"
Answers: "Javert","correct":true,"count":"5,434"}]
Answers: "Nicolas Cage","correct":true,"count":"3,661"
Answers: "Danny DeVito","correct":false,"count":"1,189"
Answers: "Willem Dafoe","correct":false,"count":"442"}]
Answers: "Maya Rudolph","correct":false,"count":"384"
Answers: "Rose Byrne","correct":false,"count":"2,654"
Answers: "Kristen Wiig","correct":true,"count":"547"}]
Answers: "Colin Firth","correct":false,"count":"81"
Answers: "Ralph Fiennes","correct":false,"count":"221"
Answers: "Martin Landau","correct":true,"count":"232"}]
Answers: "Harrison Ford","correct":false,"count":"55"
Answers: "George Clooney","correct":true,"count":"92"
Answers: "Ben Affleck","correct":false,"count":"61"}]
Answers: "Jean Dujardin","correct":false,"count":"27"
Answers: "Leonardo DiCaprio","correct":true,"count":"24"
Answers: "John Travolta","correct":false,"count":"23"}]
Answers: "Golden Globe","correct":false,"count":"6"
Answers: "Oscar","correct":false,"count":"1"
Answers: "Neither","correct":true,"count":"17"}]
Answers: "Reese Witherspoon","correct":false,"count":"0"
Answers: "Matthew McConaughey","correct":false,"count":"1"
Answers: "Nicole Kidman","correct":true,"count":"14"}]
Answers: "A League of Their Own","correct":true,"count":"13"
Answers: "Blade Runner","correct":false,"count":"0"
Answers: "Working Girl","correct":false,"count":"1"}]
Answers: "Robot creator","correct":false,"count":"5"
Answers: "Mother bird","correct":true,"count":"5"
Answers: "Meek pirate","correct":false,"count":"3"}]
Answers: "Elle Fanning","correct":true,"count":"2"
Answers: "Dakota Fanning","correct":false,"count":"0"
Answers: "Emma Watson","correct":false,"count":"3"}]
Answers: "Timothy Dalton","correct":true,"count":"1"
Answers: "Daniel Craig","correct":false,"count":"1"
Answers: "Pierce Brosnan","correct":false,"count":"0"}]
Answers: "New York Knicks","correct":true,"count":"103,332"
Answers: "Harlem Globetrotters","correct":false,"count":"3,842"
Answers: "Monstars","correct":false,"count":"5,354"}]
Answers: "Fosbury Flop","correct":true,"count":"89,442"
Answers: "Spinderella","correct":false,"count":"6,337"
Answers: "Jumping Jack Flash","correct":false,"count":"17,366"}]
Answers: "Dallas Mavericks","correct":false,"count":"11,935"
Answers: "San Antonio Spurs","correct":true,"count":"82,578"
Answers: "Houston Rockets","correct":false,"count":"14,897"}]
Answers: "Tony Romo","correct":true,"count":"73,057"
Answers: "Steve Young","correct":false,"count":"13,782"
Answers: "Peyton Manning","correct":false,"count":"20,248"}]
Answers: "Sidney Crosby","correct":true,"count":"60,312"
Answers: "Wayne Gretzky","correct":false,"count":"29,419"
Answers: "Mark Messier","correct":false,"count":"16,883"}]
Answers: "Georges St-Pierre","correct":true,"count":"59,209"
Answers: "Brock Lesnar","correct":false,"count":"18,673"
Answers: "Anderson Silva","correct":false,"count":"26,028"}]
Answers: "John Fox","correct":false,"count":"11,377"
Answers: "Chuck Knox","correct":true,"count":"21,420"
Answers: "Bill Parcells","correct":false,"count":"64,598"}]
Answers: "UFC","correct":true,"count":"13,150"
Answers: "Bellator","correct":false,"count":"7,613"
Answers: "Pride","correct":false,"count":"15,735"}]
Answers: "Bob Gibson","correct":false,"count":"3,249"
Answers: "Nolan Ryan","correct":false,"count":"4,823"
Answers: "Don Newcombe","correct":true,"count":"8,442"}]
Answers: "American Pharoah","correct":false,"count":"1,887"
Answers: "Justify","correct":true,"count":"4,974"
Answers: "Secretariat","correct":false,"count":"2,184"}]
Answers: "Venus Williams","correct":true,"count":"4,312"
Answers: "Martina Navratilova","correct":false,"count":"751"
Answers: "Maria Sharapova","correct":false,"count":"644"}]
Answers: "Seattle Mariners","correct":true,"count":"2,792"
Answers: "Sacramento Kings","correct":false,"count":"717"
Answers: "Cleveland Browns","correct":false,"count":"950"}]
Answers: "HQ Extra Lives","correct":false,"count":"4,007"
Answers: "Mickey Mouse hats","correct":false,"count":"3,523"
Answers: "Vibranium","correct":true,"count":"483,849"}]
Answers: "Steve Rogers","correct":true,"count":"477,200"
Answers: "Gerard Depardieu","correct":false,"count":"8,649"
Answers: "Clark Kent","correct":false,"count":"10,638"}]
Answers: "Right","correct":false,"count":"129,849"
Answers: "Left","correct":true,"count":"321,224"
Answers: "Both","correct":false,"count":"38,598"}]
Answers: "The Iron Man suit","correct":false,"count":"95,396"
Answers: "Steve Rogers","correct":false,"count":"26,026"
Answers: "The Avenger Initiative","correct":true,"count":"351,157"}]
Answers: "Star-Lord","correct":false,"count":"50,709"
Answers: "Carol Danvers","correct":false,"count":"22,476"
Answers: "Doctor Strange","correct":true,"count":"398,085"}]
Answers: "Hala","correct":false,"count":"24,475"
Answers: "Quantum Realm","correct":true,"count":"391,832"
Answers: "The Nine Realms","correct":false,"count":"45,992"}]
Answers: "Groot","correct":false,"count":"91,994"
Answers: "Drax","correct":false,"count":"85,032"
Answers: "Rocket","correct":true,"count":"264,950"}]
Answers: "The Avengers","correct":false,"count":"106,605"
Answers: "The Incredible Hulk","correct":true,"count":"126,824"
Answers: "Thor: Ragnarok","correct":false,"count":"71,722"}]
Answers: "Doctor Strange","correct":false,"count":"38,488"
Answers: "Ant-Man","correct":false,"count":"42,344"
Answers: "Guardians of the Galaxy","correct":true,"count":"97,470"}]
Answers: "Killmonger","correct":true,"count":"73,385"
Answers: "Justin Hammer","correct":false,"count":"16,683"
Answers: "Ego","correct":false,"count":"21,893"}]
Answers: "Took you long enough.","correct":false,"count":"26,540"
Answers: "I got nothing.","correct":true,"count":"41,499"
Answers: "Nice one.","correct":false,"count":"11,484"}]
Answers: "Strength","correct":false,"count":"4,535"
Answers: "Patience","correct":true,"count":"36,108"
Answers: "Growth","correct":false,"count":"7,485"}]
Answers: "Horse","correct":false,"count":"3,177"
Answers: "Bat","correct":true,"count":"164,398"
Answers: "Pelican","correct":false,"count":"23,348"}]
Answers: "Couscous","correct":false,"count":"7,793"
Answers: "Tacos","correct":true,"count":"180,170"
Answers: "Swedish meatballs","correct":false,"count":"1,440"}]
Answers: "Top","correct":false,"count":"1,402"
Answers: "Spinner","correct":true,"count":"184,490"
Answers: "Dice","correct":false,"count":"1,802"}]
Answers: "Cuss word","correct":false,"count":"14,044"
Answers: "Pun","correct":true,"count":"170,720"
Answers: "Song title","correct":false,"count":"1,898"}]
Answers: "Diego Luna","correct":false,"count":"44,924"
Answers: "Trevor Noah","correct":true,"count":"110,830"
Answers: "Melissa McCarthy","correct":false,"count":"24,280"}]
Answers: "Sinai Peninsula","correct":true,"count":"88,977"
Answers: "Nile Delta","correct":false,"count":"37,263"
Answers: "Eastern Desert","correct":false,"count":"47,931"}]
Answers: "Virus","correct":true,"count":"123,079"
Answers: "Paramecium","correct":false,"count":"3,647"
Answers: "Bacterium","correct":false,"count":"34,310"}]
Answers: "The Admiral Benbow","correct":false,"count":"19,640"
Answers: "The Legacy","correct":false,"count":"42,718"
Answers: "The Hispaniola","correct":true,"count":"66,150"}]
Answers: "Person","correct":false,"count":"10,771"
Answers: "Place","correct":true,"count":"52,141"
Answers: "Thing","correct":false,"count":"10,250"}]
Answers: "Goofy / Pluto","correct":false,"count":"6,107"
Answers: "Dr. Jekyll / Mr. Hyde","correct":false,"count":"23,258"
Answers: "Cinderella / Dracula","correct":true,"count":"24,284"}]
Answers: "Vespasian","correct":true,"count":"20,761"
Answers: "Marcus Aurelius","correct":false,"count":"4,734"
Answers: "Hadrian","correct":false,"count":"5,016"}]
Answers: "American Idol","correct":false,"count":"1,394"
Answers: "30 Rock","correct":true,"count":"19,106"
Answers: "Entertainment Tonight","correct":false,"count":"2,482"}]
Answers: "World of Warcraft","correct":false,"count":"5,564"
Answers: "Solitaire","correct":true,"count":"339,136"
Answers: "Fortnite Battle Royale","correct":false,"count":"3,242"}]
Answers: "Russia","correct":true,"count":"332,484"
Answers: "Wakanda","correct":false,"count":"2,459"
Answers: "Algeria","correct":false,"count":"15,139"}]
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"3,539"
Answers: "Baseball","correct":false,"count":"19,511"
Answers: "Football","correct":true,"count":"326,832"}]
Answers: "Charles Shaw","correct":true,"count":"269,691"
Answers: "Charlie Tuna","correct":false,"count":"37,022"
Answers: "Shasta McNasty","correct":false,"count":"36,533"}]
Answers: "Chelsea","correct":true,"count":"276,298"
Answers: "Williamsburg","correct":false,"count":"59,463"
Answers: "Shoreditch","correct":false,"count":"5,865"}]
Answers: "Pontificate","correct":false,"count":"74,689"
Answers: "Contemplate","correct":false,"count":"101,006"
Answers: "Ruminate","correct":true,"count":"158,125"}]
Answers: "Legolas","correct":false,"count":"25,915"
Answers: "Gollum","correct":false,"count":"146,611"
Answers: "Gimli","correct":true,"count":"133,772"}]
Answers: "Dance music","correct":true,"count":"51,210"
Answers: "City planning","correct":false,"count":"64,852"
Answers: "International relations","correct":false,"count":"57,318"}]
Answers: "Leaf","correct":true,"count":"44,436"
Answers: "Star","correct":false,"count":"13,717"
Answers: "Bird","correct":false,"count":"6,818"}]
Answers: "Level of antimatter","correct":false,"count":"10,722"
Answers: "Rate of decay","correct":true,"count":"15,485"
Answers: "Intensity of charge","correct":false,"count":"20,029"}]
Answers: "Right View","correct":false,"count":"5,627"
Answers: "Right Effort","correct":false,"count":"4,506"
Answers: "Right Surrender","correct":true,"count":"13,582"}]
Answers: "Goat","correct":true,"count":"8,618"
Answers: "Caribou","correct":false,"count":"2,966"
Answers: "Rhinoceros","correct":false,"count":"3,926"}]
Answers: "Do That Hockey","correct":false,"count":"3,199"
Answers: "Basketball Jones","correct":false,"count":"2,896"
Answers: "The Great One","correct":true,"count":"112,617"}]
Answers: "Pitch clock","correct":true,"count":"108,106"
Answers: "Hot dog ban","correct":false,"count":"3,234"
Answers: "Animal mascots","correct":false,"count":"5,149"}]
Answers: "New York Giants","correct":false,"count":"16,477"
Answers: "New England Patriots","correct":false,"count":"20,250"
Answers: "Pittsburgh Steelers","correct":true,"count":"80,017"}]
Answers: "Nigeria","correct":false,"count":"24,264"
Answers: "USA","correct":false,"count":"6,571"
Answers: "Greece","correct":true,"count":"84,313"}]
Answers: "Third base","correct":false,"count":"38,927"
Answers: "Pitcher","correct":false,"count":"24,477"
Answers: "Shortstop","correct":true,"count":"46,711"}]
Answers: "Philadelphia 76ers","correct":true,"count":"50,181"
Answers: "Charlotte Bobcats","correct":false,"count":"31,156"
Answers: "Denver Nuggets","correct":false,"count":"23,119"}]
Answers: "David Ortiz","correct":false,"count":"28,085"
Answers: "Frank Thomas","correct":false,"count":"34,371"
Answers: "Shohei Ohtani","correct":true,"count":"37,221"}]
Answers: "Colorado Avalanche","correct":true,"count":"21,078"
Answers: "New York Islanders","correct":false,"count":"13,030"
Answers: "Pittsburgh Penguins","correct":false,"count":"20,047"}]
Answers: "Monaco Grand Prix","correct":false,"count":"8,977"
Answers: "Daytona 500","correct":true,"count":"11,704"
Answers: "Indy 500","correct":false,"count":"3,285"}]
Answers: "Brittney Griner","correct":false,"count":"2,334"
Answers: "Maya Moore","correct":false,"count":"3,277"
Answers: "Breanna Stewart","correct":true,"count":"8,072"}]
Answers: "Diego Maradona","correct":true,"count":"5,191"
Answers: "Pele","correct":false,"count":"3,214"
Answers: "Kylian Mbappe","correct":false,"count":"712"}]
Answers: "New York Mets","correct":false,"count":"887"
Answers: "San Diego Padres","correct":true,"count":"2,374"
Answers: "Tampa Bay Rays","correct":false,"count":"2,869"}]
Answers: "Cupid’s Bow","correct":false,"count":"23,095"
Answers: "Lil’ Devil Horns","correct":false,"count":"6,260"
Answers: "Halo","correct":true,"count":"306,302"}]
Answers: "Kelly Rowland","correct":false,"count":"40,264"
Answers: "Sasha Fierce","correct":true,"count":"292,489"
Answers: "Pat Boring","correct":false,"count":"4,659"}]
Answers: "Over there somewhere","correct":false,"count":"17,343"
Answers: "To the left","correct":true,"count":"303,225"
Answers: "Outer space","correct":false,"count":"12,174"}]
Answers: "The lights went out","correct":true,"count":"237,796"
Answers: "Snow began to fall","correct":false,"count":"27,464"
Answers: "Kanye rushed the stage","correct":false,"count":"64,179"}]
Answers: "South Beach","correct":false,"count":"132,137"
Answers: "Keto","correct":false,"count":"79,563"
Answers: "Master Cleanse","correct":true,"count":"107,219"}]
Answers: "If I Were a Boy","correct":false,"count":"28,854"
Answers: "Single Ladies","correct":true,"count":"253,618"
Answers: "Countdown","correct":false,"count":"19,975"}]
Answers: "Diana Ross","correct":false,"count":"76,447"
Answers: "Etta James","correct":true,"count":"150,333"
Answers: "Tina Turner","correct":false,"count":"70,463"}]
Answers: "Partition","correct":true,"count":"26,849"
Answers: "Crazy in Love","correct":false,"count":"4,321"
Answers: "Run the World (Girls)","correct":false,"count":"5,373"}]
Answers: "I Am… Sasha Fierce","correct":false,"count":"2,289"
Answers: "4","correct":true,"count":"18,794"
Answers: "B’Day","correct":false,"count":"6,054"}]
Answers: "Freakum dress","correct":false,"count":"1,508"
Answers: "Red Lobster","correct":true,"count":"16,654"
Answers: "Surfboard","correct":false,"count":"2,937"}]
Answers: "Piggy bank","correct":true,"count":"184,616"
Answers: "Monkey slide","correct":false,"count":"1,025"
Answers: "Zebra pit","correct":false,"count":"321"}]
Answers: "Trap","correct":false,"count":"2,104"
Answers: "Tart","correct":true,"count":"181,830"
Answers: "Rapt","correct":false,"count":"1,486"}]
Answers: "Sodium","correct":false,"count":"1,212"
Answers: "Iron","correct":true,"count":"157,819"
Answers: "Aluminum","correct":false,"count":"25,088"}]
Answers: "X-Men","correct":true,"count":"118,197"
Answers: "Avengers","correct":false,"count":"44,382"
Answers: "Incredibles","correct":false,"count":"16,645"}]
Answers: "Bo Diddley","correct":false,"count":"13,232"
Answers: "Chuck Berry","correct":true,"count":"144,049"
Answers: "Little Richard","correct":false,"count":"17,268"}]
Answers: "Track & Field II","correct":false,"count":"21,684"
Answers: "Bad Street Brawler","correct":true,"count":"93,391"
Answers: "Rad Racer","correct":false,"count":"48,433"}]
Answers: "Norway","correct":false,"count":"40,436"
Answers: "Finland","correct":false,"count":"45,841"
Answers: "Sweden","correct":true,"count":"68,033"}]
Answers: "Code of Hammurabi","correct":true,"count":"59,571"
Answers: "Quran","correct":false,"count":"19,593"
Answers: "Talmud","correct":false,"count":"12,763"}]
Answers: "Chicago Cubs","correct":true,"count":"37,961"
Answers: "Florida Marlins","correct":false,"count":"4,281"
Answers: "New York Mets","correct":false,"count":"17,532"}]
Answers: "Germany","correct":false,"count":"10,421"
Answers: "Switzerland","correct":true,"count":"25,244"
Answers: "Scotland","correct":false,"count":"5,215"}]
Answers: "Ray Bradbury","correct":false,"count":"2,721"
Answers: "Arthur C. Clarke","correct":true,"count":"16,386"
Answers: "Isaac Asimov","correct":false,"count":"7,650"}]
Answers: "Walk This Way","correct":true,"count":"10,069"
Answers: "Dude (Looks Like a Lady)","correct":false,"count":"5,453"
Answers: "Back in the Saddle","correct":false,"count":"3,638"}]
Answers: "Sméagol","correct":true,"count":"372,061"
Answers: "Skinny Pete","correct":false,"count":"10,155"
Answers: "Nasty Boi","correct":false,"count":"3,307"}]
Answers: "Shave Hobbit feet","correct":false,"count":"20,843"
Answers: "Mansplain to Galadriel","correct":false,"count":"8,554"
Answers: "Walk into Mordor","correct":true,"count":"348,853"}]
Answers: "The Two Towers","correct":false,"count":"52,586"
Answers: "Fellowship of the Ring","correct":false,"count":"118,928"
Answers: "The Return of the King","correct":true,"count":"204,135"}]
Answers: "Legolas","correct":false,"count":"104,532"
Answers: "Aragorn","correct":true,"count":"209,513"
Answers: "Samwise","correct":false,"count":"49,368"}]
Answers: "One ring of darkness","correct":false,"count":"30,926"
Answers: "One ring of power","correct":false,"count":"111,231"
Answers: "One ring to find them","correct":true,"count":"211,487"}]
Answers: "Hair","correct":true,"count":"178,538"
Answers: "Insect","correct":false,"count":"28,385"
Answers: "Tree branch","correct":false,"count":"138,580"}]
Answers: "Men","correct":true,"count":"142,120"
Answers: "Elves","correct":false,"count":"118,527"
Answers: "Dwarves","correct":false,"count":"60,551"}]
Answers: "Supper","correct":false,"count":"16,005"
Answers: "Second luncheon","correct":true,"count":"108,848"
Answers: "Dinner","correct":false,"count":"67,802"}]
Answers: "Samwell","correct":false,"count":"23,027"
Answers: "Peregrin","correct":true,"count":"87,603"
Answers: "Frodioc","correct":false,"count":"11,356"}]
Answers: "Ents","correct":false,"count":"14,725"
Answers: "Great Eagles","correct":false,"count":"19,259"
Answers: "Oliphaunts","correct":true,"count":"57,451"}]
Answers: "Gimli","correct":true,"count":"28,482"
Answers: "Frodo","correct":false,"count":"11,897"
Answers: "Gollum","correct":false,"count":"25,287"}]
Answers: "The Misty Mountains","correct":false,"count":"8,938"
Answers: "Gondor","correct":true,"count":"27,294"
Answers: "Lothlórien","correct":false,"count":"2,808"}]
Answers: "Vito Corleone","correct":false,"count":"2,210"
Answers: "Godzilla","correct":true,"count":"304,315"
Answers: "Daisy Werthan","correct":false,"count":"1,308"}]
Answers: "Tikka masala","correct":false,"count":"3,519"
Answers: "Bratwurst","correct":true,"count":"307,155"
Answers: "Kung Pao chicken","correct":false,"count":"1,112"}]
Answers: "Octopodes","correct":false,"count":"5,009"
Answers: "Octave","correct":true,"count":"300,037"
Answers: "Octillion","correct":false,"count":"5,462"}]
Answers: "Zanzibar","correct":false,"count":"54,192"
Answers: "Czechoslovakia","correct":false,"count":"149,520"
Answers: "Bhutan","correct":true,"count":"103,380"}]
Answers: "Koala","correct":true,"count":"193,609"
Answers: "Bushbaby","correct":false,"count":"51,439"
Answers: "Platypus","correct":false,"count":"54,615"}]
Answers: "Gerund","correct":false,"count":"5,725"
Answers: "Predicate","correct":true,"count":"183,029"
Answers: "Object","correct":false,"count":"108,513"}]
Answers: "Carried flat","correct":true,"count":"22,725"
Answers: "Burned","correct":false,"count":"104,853"
Answers: "Displayed upside down","correct":false,"count":"155,711"}]
Answers: "Nuclear fission","correct":true,"count":"73,966"
Answers: "Earth’s location","correct":false,"count":"23,285"
Answers: "DNA","correct":false,"count":"35,440"}]
Answers: "Horse","correct":false,"count":"30,677"
Answers: "Dog","correct":true,"count":"36,246"
Answers: "Cat","correct":false,"count":"14,898"}]
Answers: "Football","correct":false,"count":"12,000"
Answers: "Basketball","correct":true,"count":"28,219"
Answers: "Golf","correct":false,"count":"4,420"}]
Answers: "Udall","correct":true,"count":"14,581"
Answers: "Gadsden","correct":false,"count":"4,649"
Answers: "Breckenridge","correct":false,"count":"11,043"}]
Answers: "Backboard Effect","correct":false,"count":"4,028"
Answers: "Dumbphone Effect","correct":false,"count":"1,980"
Answers: "Cupertino Effect","correct":true,"count":"11,733"}]
Answers: "Buggy whips","correct":false,"count":"1,379"
Answers: "Computer software","correct":true,"count":"317,435"
Answers: "Butter churns","correct":false,"count":"714"}]
Answers: "Elephant","correct":false,"count":"772"
Answers: "Antelope","correct":false,"count":"2,218"
Answers: "Jellyfish","correct":true,"count":"321,091"}]
Answers: "Dwight D. Eisenhower","correct":false,"count":"32,559"
Answers: "Abraham Lincoln","correct":true,"count":"282,760"
Answers: "Ronald Reagan","correct":false,"count":"5,550"}]
Answers: "Whammy","correct":false,"count":"2,932"
Answers: "Thump","correct":false,"count":"3,178"
Answers: "Spike","correct":true,"count":"313,404"}]
Answers: "Anagram","correct":true,"count":"249,170"
Answers: "Acrostic","correct":false,"count":"12,139"
Answers: "Cryptogram","correct":false,"count":"52,745"}]
Answers: "Kidneys","correct":true,"count":"221,171"
Answers: "Brain","correct":false,"count":"45,423"
Answers: "Lungs","correct":false,"count":"45,296"}]
Answers: "Type of whiskey","correct":true,"count":"106,500"
Answers: "Type of bitters","correct":false,"count":"75,846"
Answers: "Type of vermouth","correct":false,"count":"118,495"}]
Answers: "Under Siege","correct":false,"count":"44,817"
Answers: "Timecop","correct":true,"count":"85,370"
Answers: "The Delta Force","correct":false,"count":"75,853"}]
Answers: "Philip Principle","correct":false,"count":"31,835"
Answers: "Peter Principle","correct":true,"count":"58,939"
Answers: "Paul Principle","correct":false,"count":"23,207"}]
Answers: "Sheena Easton","correct":false,"count":"11,471"
Answers: "Rita Coolidge","correct":false,"count":"14,978"
Answers: "Donna Summer","correct":true,"count":"43,092"}]
Answers: "Montserrat","correct":true,"count":"14,711"
Answers: "Palau","correct":false,"count":"13,019"
Answers: "Nevis","correct":false,"count":"20,761"}]
Answers: "Magnum, PI","correct":false,"count":"4,473"
Answers: "Miami Vice","correct":false,"count":"9,397"
Answers: "21 Jump Street","correct":true,"count":"9,598"}]
Answers: "Honey","correct":false,"count":"4,917"
Answers: "Happiness","correct":true,"count":"596,406"
Answers: "Huge hula hoops","correct":false,"count":"1,170"}]
Answers: "Noon","correct":false,"count":"26,448"
Answers: "Midnight","correct":true,"count":"574,035"
Answers: "Midday","correct":false,"count":"4,694"}]
Answers: "Aurora","correct":false,"count":"9,431"
Answers: "Pocahontas","correct":true,"count":"586,175"
Answers: "Tiana","correct":false,"count":"4,857"}]
Answers: "Salty","correct":false,"count":"114,028"
Answers: "Umami","correct":false,"count":"53,126"
Answers: "Sweet","correct":true,"count":"421,013"}]
Answers: "Collar","correct":false,"count":"68,244"
Answers: "Lapel","correct":true,"count":"454,614"
Answers: "Waist","correct":false,"count":"49,013"}]
Answers: "Apple Park","correct":true,"count":"293,509"
Answers: "Apple STEM","correct":false,"count":"100,627"
Answers: "Apple Core","correct":false,"count":"162,701"}]
Answers: "Keeper of Secrets","correct":false,"count":"193,771"
Answers: "Chief of Disguise","correct":true,"count":"257,623"
Answers: "Master of Tricks","correct":false,"count":"49,795"}]
Answers: "Experimental","correct":false,"count":"129,983"
Answers: "Community","correct":false,"count":"70,398"
Answers: "Project","correct":true,"count":"178,754"}]
Answers: "Earth","correct":false,"count":"37,705"
Answers: "Saturn","correct":true,"count":"132,787"
Answers: "Mercury","correct":false,"count":"94,445"}]
Answers: "Julie Brown","correct":true,"count":"109,133"
Answers: "Mark Goodman","correct":false,"count":"31,905"
Answers: "Chris Booker","correct":false,"count":"36,487"}]
Answers: "Namaste","correct":false,"count":"11,336"
Answers: "Peace","correct":false,"count":"53,839"
Answers: "Shaka","correct":true,"count":"58,730"}]
Answers: "King Lear","correct":true,"count":"41,261"
Answers: "Hamlet","correct":false,"count":"12,452"
Answers: "Romeo","correct":false,"count":"18,643"}]
Answers: "Nun","correct":false,"count":"2,632"
Answers: "Carriage","correct":true,"count":"13,560"
Answers: "Hotel","correct":false,"count":"29,728"}]
Answers: "Russia","correct":false,"count":"2,630"
Answers: "Pakistan","correct":false,"count":"4,771"
Answers: "Iran","correct":true,"count":"16,298"}]
Answers: "La La Land","correct":false,"count":"8,664"
Answers: "The Wedding Singer","correct":false,"count":"3,926"
Answers: "Sleepless in Seattle","correct":true,"count":"4,279"}]
Answers: "Monkey in the middle","correct":false,"count":"6,205"
Answers: "Inbetweener","correct":false,"count":"13,332"
Answers: "Cutoff man","correct":true,"count":"100,166"}]
Answers: "Kyler Murray","correct":true,"count":"74,298"
Answers: "Drew Lock","correct":false,"count":"13,961"
Answers: "Dwayne Haskins","correct":false,"count":"9,400"}]
Answers: "New York Knicks","correct":true,"count":"57,708"
Answers: "Detroit Pistons","correct":false,"count":"6,890"
Answers: "Milwaukee Bucks","correct":false,"count":"8,723"}]
Answers: "US Open","correct":false,"count":"10,711"
Answers: "PGA Championship","correct":false,"count":"6,658"
Answers: "Masters","correct":true,"count":"41,014"}]
Answers: "Los Angeles Dodgers","correct":false,"count":"3,781"
Answers: "Cleveland Indians","correct":false,"count":"8,947"
Answers: "Milwaukee Brewers","correct":true,"count":"29,073"}]
Answers: "Kyle Okposo","correct":false,"count":"2,382"
Answers: "Auston Matthews","correct":false,"count":"2,728"
Answers: "John Tavares","correct":true,"count":"24,154"}]
Answers: "Assists","correct":false,"count":"3,936"
Answers: "Points","correct":false,"count":"1,388"
Answers: "Rebounds","correct":true,"count":"19,027"}]
Answers: "Sportsmanship","correct":true,"count":"16,940"
Answers: "Fighting ability","correct":false,"count":"541"
Answers: "Leadership","correct":false,"count":"2,051"}]
Answers: "Daniel Jacobs","correct":false,"count":"2,573"
Answers: "Canelo Alvarez","correct":false,"count":"3,346"
Answers: "Gennady Golovkin","correct":true,"count":"11,316"}]
Answers: "Eight stolen bases","correct":false,"count":"337"
Answers: "12 strikeouts","correct":false,"count":"1,949"
Answers: "Four home runs","correct":true,"count":"11,352"}]
Answers: "Nolan Arenado","correct":true,"count":"7,262"
Answers: "Bryce Harper","correct":false,"count":"2,088"
Answers: "Manny Machado","correct":false,"count":"2,455"}]
Answers: "The Mailman","correct":true,"count":"2,319"
Answers: "The Black Mamba","correct":false,"count":"924"
Answers: "The Stilt","correct":false,"count":"4,941"}]
Answers: "I’m On a Boat","correct":false,"count":"3,586"
Answers: "My Heart Will Go On","correct":true,"count":"341,067"
Answers: "Drop It Like It’s Hot","correct":false,"count":"855"}]
Answers: "Billy Eichner","correct":false,"count":"45,056"
Answers: "Billy Zane","correct":true,"count":"238,197"
Answers: "Billy McFarland","correct":false,"count":"53,426"}]
Answers: "Queen of my life","correct":false,"count":"10,866"
Answers: "King of the world","correct":false,"count":"21,994"
Answers: "Heart of the ocean","correct":true,"count":"210,370"}]
Answers: "Beer","correct":true,"count":"114,800"
Answers: "Champagne","correct":false,"count":"8,787"
Answers: "Whiskey","correct":false,"count":"87,724"}]
Answers: "Wheee!","correct":false,"count":"1,663"
Answers: "I’m flying, Jack!","correct":true,"count":"52,423"
Answers: "I trust you.","correct":false,"count":"69,574"}]
Answers: "Full house","correct":true,"count":"39,366"
Answers: "Royal flush","correct":false,"count":"19,093"
Answers: "Queen of hearts","correct":false,"count":"9,353"}]
Answers: "Violin","correct":true,"count":"35,975"
Answers: "Cello","correct":false,"count":"6,921"
Answers: "Clarinet","correct":false,"count":"535"}]
Answers: "Jack’s handcuffs","correct":false,"count":"1,846"
Answers: "Cal’s bodyguard chase","correct":true,"count":"30,805"
Answers: "First iceberg collision","correct":false,"count":"4,123"}]
Answers: "Caviar","correct":false,"count":"4,504"
Answers: "Lobster","correct":false,"count":"1,275"
Answers: "Bread","correct":true,"count":"18,104"}]
Answers: "Mr. Ismay","correct":true,"count":"9,107"
Answers: "Mr. Andrews","correct":false,"count":"5,151"
Answers: "Mr. Murdoch","correct":false,"count":"4,782"}]
Answers: "Suspenders","correct":true,"count":"6,843"
Answers: "Tux","correct":false,"count":"2,970"
Answers: "His stolen jacket","correct":false,"count":"1,463"}]
Answers: "Goldfish","correct":false,"count":"885"
Answers: "Earthworm","correct":false,"count":"857"
Answers: "Bull","correct":true,"count":"158,643"}]
Answers: "Mullet Monday","correct":false,"count":"3,639"
Answers: "Fat Tuesday","correct":true,"count":"141,229"
Answers: "Ash Wednesday","correct":false,"count":"10,583"}]
Answers: "Thomas Jefferson","correct":true,"count":"79,147"
Answers: "James Madison","correct":false,"count":"25,757"
Answers: "Andrew Jackson","correct":false,"count":"33,589"}]
Answers: "Java","correct":true,"count":"77,722"
Answers: "Falkland","correct":false,"count":"1,816"
Answers: "Seram","correct":false,"count":"1,067"}]
Answers: "NFL","correct":false,"count":"11,991"
Answers: "NBA","correct":false,"count":"39,226"
Answers: "NHL","correct":true,"count":"22,641"}]
Answers: "Has-Beans","correct":false,"count":"5,898"
Answers: "Belly Flops","correct":true,"count":"20,076"
Answers: "Sweejects","correct":false,"count":"4,029"}]
Answers: "Netherlands","correct":false,"count":"4,344"
Answers: "Switzerland","correct":false,"count":"978"
Answers: "Belgium","correct":true,"count":"15,102"}]
Answers: "Anesthetic","correct":false,"count":"6,509"
Answers: "Antibiotic","correct":false,"count":"1,066"
Answers: "Analgesic","correct":true,"count":"7,642"}]
Answers: "Saturday in the Park","correct":false,"count":"1,816"
Answers: "Amanda","correct":true,"count":"4,198"
Answers: "Rhythm Is Gonna Get You","correct":false,"count":"2,271"}]
Answers: "The basket’s rule","correct":false,"count":"981"
Answers: "The hospital’s rule","correct":true,"count":"3,183"
Answers: "The sponge’s rule","correct":false,"count":"530"}]
Answers: "The Cradle of Life","correct":true,"count":"1,181"
Answers: "The Last Revelation","correct":false,"count":"153"
Answers: "Curse of the Sword","correct":false,"count":"2,050"}]
Answers: "Arthur Conan Doyle","correct":false,"count":"367"
Answers: "Shakespeare","correct":false,"count":"514"
Answers: "JM Barrie","correct":true,"count":"469"}]
Answers: "Paris","correct":true,"count":"374,522"
Answers: "On a rollercoaster","correct":false,"count":"1,774"
Answers: "In a volcano","correct":false,"count":"1,598"}]
Answers: "Milk","correct":false,"count":"609"
Answers: "Matcha","correct":false,"count":"1,159"
Answers: "Petroleum","correct":true,"count":"369,879"}]
Answers: "Editing","correct":true,"count":"340,969"
Answers: "Casting","correct":false,"count":"17,620"
Answers: "Writing","correct":false,"count":"7,489"}]
Answers: "Prince West","correct":true,"count":"188,211"
Answers: "Saint West","correct":false,"count":"39,866"
Answers: "Chicago West","correct":false,"count":"108,131"}]
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"79,857"
Answers: "Skateboarding","correct":false,"count":"13,339"
Answers: "Running","correct":true,"count":"99,395"}]
Answers: "Feathers","correct":true,"count":"13,722"
Answers: "Beak","correct":false,"count":"68,212"
Answers: "Feet","correct":false,"count":"24,209"}]
Answers: "Elton John","correct":false,"count":"4,010"
Answers: "Sting","correct":true,"count":"12,177"
Answers: "Meat Loaf","correct":false,"count":"5,664"}]
Answers: "Grand Coulee Dam","correct":false,"count":"2,077"
Answers: "Glen Canyon Dam","correct":false,"count":"1,526"
Answers: "Boulder Dam","correct":true,"count":"9,328"}]
Answers: "24","correct":true,"count":"5,862"
Answers: "The Young Pope","correct":false,"count":"840"
Answers: "Two and a Half Men","correct":false,"count":"2,789"}]
Answers: "Tango","correct":false,"count":"755"
Answers: "Cancan","correct":true,"count":"4,628"
Answers: "Lambada","correct":false,"count":"939"}]
Answers: "Underwater","correct":false,"count":"359"
Answers: "In a math problem","correct":true,"count":"4,089"
Answers: "On the human shoulder","correct":false,"count":"366"}]
Answers: "Mongolia","correct":false,"count":"581"
Answers: "Botswana","correct":false,"count":"1,813"
Answers: "United States","correct":true,"count":"1,669"}]
Answers: "Relief pitcher","correct":true,"count":"104,008"
Answers: "Jeff","correct":false,"count":"812"
Answers: "The ol’ switcheroo","correct":false,"count":"775"}]
Answers: "Football","correct":false,"count":"6,491"
Answers: "Soccer","correct":false,"count":"5,008"
Answers: "Hockey","correct":true,"count":"79,371"}]
Answers: "Oklahoma","correct":false,"count":"8,908"
Answers: "Kansas","correct":true,"count":"61,116"
Answers: "West Virginia","correct":false,"count":"5,452"}]
Answers: "Tigers","correct":true,"count":"33,126"
Answers: "Cardinals","correct":false,"count":"14,722"
Answers: "Angels","correct":false,"count":"12,602"}]
Answers: "Nick Saban","correct":true,"count":"26,829"
Answers: "Woody Hayes","correct":false,"count":"3,048"
Answers: "Bear Bryant","correct":false,"count":"4,384"}]
Answers: "Ski jump","correct":false,"count":"16,121"
Answers: "Cross country skiing","correct":false,"count":"3,210"
Answers: "Shooting","correct":true,"count":"7,365"}]
Answers: "The Answer","correct":true,"count":"9,270"
Answers: "Black Mamba","correct":false,"count":"578"
Answers: "Schoolbag Du","correct":false,"count":"339"}]
Answers: "Greg Norman","correct":true,"count":"4,026"
Answers: "David Duval","correct":false,"count":"1,580"
Answers: "Seve Ballesteros","correct":false,"count":"3,557"}]
Answers: "Mariners","correct":true,"count":"3,312"
Answers: "Rays","correct":false,"count":"561"
Answers: "Padres","correct":false,"count":"1,202"}]
Answers: "Russell Westbrook","correct":false,"count":"1,002"
Answers: "Kyrie Irving","correct":true,"count":"1,133"
Answers: "Kevin Durant","correct":false,"count":"1,459"}]
Answers: "Notre Dame","correct":false,"count":"318"
Answers: "Baylor","correct":true,"count":"1,035"
Answers: "UConn","correct":false,"count":"298"}]
Answers: "Las Vegas","correct":false,"count":"316"
Answers: "San Diego","correct":false,"count":"323"
Answers: "San Antonio","correct":true,"count":"468"}]
Answers: "Swifties","correct":true,"count":"332,394"
Answers: "Katy Kats","correct":false,"count":"3,768"
Answers: "Little Monsters","correct":false,"count":"5,759"}]
Answers: "Jack / Rose","correct":false,"count":"21,796"
Answers: "Brangelina","correct":false,"count":"7,085"
Answers: "Romeo / Juliet","correct":true,"count":"299,795"}]
Answers: "Sat down","correct":false,"count":"5,325"
Answers: "Shook hands","correct":false,"count":"4,211"
Answers: "Walked in","correct":true,"count":"288,708"}]
Answers: "Tim McGraw","correct":true,"count":"209,826"
Answers: "Blake Shelton","correct":false,"count":"21,934"
Answers: "Dolly Parton","correct":false,"count":"53,623"}]
Answers: "Tap dancer","correct":true,"count":"169,001"
Answers: "Ballerina","correct":false,"count":"26,035"
Answers: "Cheerleader","correct":false,"count":"16,634"}]
Answers: "Laundry hamper","correct":false,"count":"27,105"
Answers: "Big suitcase","correct":true,"count":"117,881"
Answers: "Persian rug","correct":false,"count":"24,846"}]
Answers: "Look What You Made Me Do","correct":false,"count":"64,474"
Answers: "Call It What You Want","correct":false,"count":"21,421"
Answers: "I Did Something Bad","correct":true,"count":"32,972"}]
Answers: "Best Country Album","correct":false,"count":"8,962"
Answers: "Song of the Year","correct":false,"count":"14,009"
Answers: "Album of the Year","correct":true,"count":"27,120"}]
Answers: "Law and Order: SVU","correct":false,"count":"4,538"
Answers: "Scandal","correct":true,"count":"23,703"
Answers: "Grey’s Anatomy","correct":false,"count":"1,652"}]
Answers: "Back to December","correct":false,"count":"3,066"
Answers: "Teardrops On My Guitar","correct":false,"count":"1,485"
Answers: "You Belong With Me","correct":true,"count":"18,328"}]
Answers: "Lil Bae","correct":false,"count":"1,922"
Answers: "Freaky Minaj","correct":false,"count":"1,531"
Answers: "Slay-Z","correct":true,"count":"15,436"}]
Answers: "Smile","correct":false,"count":"460"
Answers: "Snake","correct":false,"count":"10,562"
Answers: "No emoji","correct":true,"count":"4,674"}]
Answers: "Kennedy compound house","correct":false,"count":"1,017"
Answers: "I <3 TS","correct":true,"count":"4,368"
Answers: "Rhode Island sea wall","correct":false,"count":"665"}]
Answers: "At teatime","correct":true,"count":"158,943"
Answers: "In a juicemoment","correct":false,"count":"1,148"
Answers: "At a milkpoint","correct":false,"count":"857"}]
Answers: "Instagram photo","correct":true,"count":"146,330"
Answers: "TikTok lip sync","correct":false,"count":"2,567"
Answers: "Tinder profile","correct":false,"count":"1,595"}]
Answers: "Dallas","correct":false,"count":"1,112"
Answers: "Amsterdam","correct":true,"count":"135,999"
Answers: "Los Angeles","correct":false,"count":"7,315"}]
Answers: "Troll dolls","correct":false,"count":"7,981"
Answers: "Garden gnomes","correct":false,"count":"22,014"
Answers: "Russian nesting dolls","correct":true,"count":"104,503"}]
Answers: "Carousel","correct":false,"count":"7,535"
Answers: "Oklahoma!","correct":true,"count":"89,552"
Answers: "The King and I","correct":false,"count":"7,425"}]
Answers: "Mandarin","correct":true,"count":"48,270"
Answers: "Navel","correct":false,"count":"17,381"
Answers: "Valencia","correct":false,"count":"23,260"}]
Answers: "Jackal","correct":true,"count":"27,016"
Answers: "Wolverine","correct":false,"count":"7,473"
Answers: "Hyena","correct":false,"count":"16,609"}]
Answers: "Assyrian New Year","correct":false,"count":"2,319"
Answers: "Persian New Year","correct":true,"count":"15,914"
Answers: "Chinese New Year","correct":false,"count":"10,743"}]
Answers: "Marbury","correct":false,"count":"5,833"
Answers: "Madison","correct":true,"count":"8,801"
Answers: "Neither","correct":false,"count":"2,181"}]
Answers: "Galaxies","correct":true,"count":"8,404"
Answers: "Asteroid belts","correct":false,"count":"702"
Answers: "Telescope lenses","correct":false,"count":"2,278"}]
Answers: "Paul","correct":false,"count":"549"
Answers: "James","correct":false,"count":"200"
Answers: "Peter","correct":true,"count":"8,192"}]
Answers: "Europe","correct":false,"count":"2,260"
Answers: "Antarctica","correct":true,"count":"5,124"
Answers: "North America","correct":false,"count":"881"}]
Answers: "Roomy tent","correct":false,"count":"3,097"
Answers: "Florida house","correct":true,"count":"300,494"
Answers: "Large rocketship","correct":false,"count":"1,246"}]
Answers: "Bon vivant","correct":false,"count":"9,319"
Answers: "Accoutrement","correct":false,"count":"4,795"
Answers: "Confidante","correct":true,"count":"281,086"}]
Answers: "Sophia","correct":false,"count":"53,792"
Answers: "Blanche","correct":true,"count":"189,571"
Answers: "Rose","correct":false,"count":"33,873"}]
Answers: "Older","correct":false,"count":"25,688"
Answers: "The same","correct":false,"count":"26,311"
Answers: "Younger","correct":true,"count":"139,944"}]
Answers: "Rose","correct":false,"count":"44,504"
Answers: "Dorothy","correct":true,"count":"86,171"
Answers: "Blanche","correct":false,"count":"13,081"}]
Answers: "Woman of the Year","correct":true,"count":"29,895"
Answers: "Golden Yokel","correct":false,"count":"16,232"
Answers: "Pride of St Olaf","correct":false,"count":"47,789"}]
Answers: "Don Johnson","correct":false,"count":"1,382"
Answers: "Burt Reynolds","correct":true,"count":"37,855"
Answers: "Bruce Willis","correct":false,"count":"495"}]
Answers: "Foreign Accent Syndrome","correct":false,"count":"587"
Answers: "Chronic Fatigue Syndrome","correct":true,"count":"33,265"
Answers: "Restless Leg Syndrome","correct":false,"count":"3,707"}]
Answers: "Mr. Fuzzy","correct":false,"count":"598"
Answers: "Mr. Whiskers","correct":false,"count":"14,710"
Answers: "Mr. Peepers","correct":true,"count":"17,512"}]
Answers: "Fix an old car","correct":false,"count":"1,401"
Answers: "Catch a jewel thief","correct":true,"count":"13,757"
Answers: "Get a date","correct":false,"count":"6,618"}]
Answers: "Sy’s Pizzeria","correct":false,"count":"2,869"
Answers: "Miami Mozzarella","correct":false,"count":"642"
Answers: "Little Slice of Sicily","correct":true,"count":"11,744"}]
Answers: "Science","correct":false,"count":"1,817"
Answers: "Geography","correct":false,"count":"2,580"
Answers: "US History","correct":true,"count":"7,951"}]
Answers: "Ghost peppers","correct":false,"count":"12,976"
Answers: "Too many cooks","correct":true,"count":"257,638"
Answers: "Lax food safety","correct":false,"count":"3,236"}]
Answers: "Whole","correct":true,"count":"248,394"
Answers: "Irrational","correct":false,"count":"5,603"
Answers: "Negative","correct":false,"count":"1,494"}]
Answers: "Plum","correct":false,"count":"1,048"
Answers: "Grapefruit","correct":true,"count":"244,609"
Answers: "Pear","correct":false,"count":"1,435"}]
Answers: "Gear","correct":false,"count":"12,874"
Answers: "Apple","correct":false,"count":"7,430"
Answers: "Lamp","correct":true,"count":"221,881"}]
Answers: "Los Angeles","correct":false,"count":"26,119"
Answers: "London","correct":true,"count":"157,544"
Answers: "Rome","correct":false,"count":"37,340"}]
Answers: "The Little Mermaid","correct":true,"count":"80,662"
Answers: "Finding Nemo","correct":false,"count":"50,735"
Answers: "Lilo and Stitch","correct":false,"count":"24,092"}]
Answers: "Neville Chamberlain","correct":false,"count":"11,133"
Answers: "Stanley Baldwin","correct":true,"count":"55,028"
Answers: "Winston Churchill","correct":false,"count":"18,874"}]
Answers: "Roll doubles","correct":false,"count":"10,130"
Answers: "Draw a card","correct":true,"count":"31,843"
Answers: "Pay a fine","correct":false,"count":"15,322"}]
Answers: "Kiang","correct":true,"count":"12,500"
Answers: "Kob","correct":false,"count":"4,099"
Answers: "Eland","correct":false,"count":"19,228"}]
Answers: "Italian","correct":false,"count":"1,810"
Answers: "Japanese","correct":false,"count":"3,485"
Answers: "Mandarin","correct":true,"count":"1,671"}]
Answers: "Ice hockey","correct":true,"count":"488"
Answers: "Equestrian","correct":false,"count":"720"
Answers: "Cricket","correct":false,"count":"1,176"}]
Answers: "Happily ever after","correct":true,"count":"339,727"
Answers: "Next to Carl","correct":false,"count":"1,789"
Answers: "Deep underground","correct":false,"count":"521"}]
Answers: "Backwards two hours","correct":false,"count":"7,458"
Answers: "Forwards 24 hours","correct":false,"count":"33,835"
Answers: "Forwards one hour","correct":true,"count":"287,982"}]
Answers: "G","correct":true,"count":"269,192"
Answers: "J","correct":false,"count":"13,748"
Answers: "N","correct":false,"count":"3,752"}]
Answers: "Linux","correct":false,"count":"25,781"
Answers: "Vista","correct":true,"count":"210,422"
Answers: "OSX","correct":false,"count":"31,345"}]
Answers: "Warp","correct":false,"count":"62,530"
Answers: "Wing","correct":true,"count":"84,386"
Answers: "Weft","correct":false,"count":"61,294"}]
Answers: "Secretary of State","correct":false,"count":"13,733"
Answers: "Chief of Staff","correct":false,"count":"14,636"
Answers: "Attorney General","correct":true,"count":"61,756"}]
Answers: "Bermuda","correct":true,"count":"42,041"
Answers: "Saint Lucia","correct":false,"count":"11,263"
Answers: "Barbados","correct":false,"count":"7,655"}]
Answers: "Chekov","correct":false,"count":"9,892"
Answers: "Spock","correct":false,"count":"25,362"
Answers: "Scotty","correct":true,"count":"7,910"}]
Answers: "Monticello","correct":true,"count":"13,790"
Answers: "Heritage","correct":false,"count":"2,423"
Answers: "Baskerville","correct":false,"count":"1,611"}]
Answers: "Grand Theft Auto","correct":false,"count":"3,003"
Answers: "Call of Duty","correct":true,"count":"10,213"
Answers: "Tomb Raider","correct":false,"count":"1,087"}]
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"445"
Answers: "Football","correct":false,"count":"1,714"
Answers: "Hockey","correct":true,"count":"8,871"}]
Answers: "Wind","correct":false,"count":"3,208"
Answers: "Earth","correct":false,"count":"3,734"
Answers: "Water","correct":true,"count":"1,880"}]
Answers: "Austin","correct":true,"count":"1,877"
Answers: "The Good Place","correct":false,"count":"67"
Answers: "30 Rock","correct":false,"count":"49"}]
Answers: "Smelly cat","correct":true,"count":"1,845"
Answers: "Smart dog","correct":false,"count":"60"
Answers: "NHL mascot Gritty","correct":false,"count":"11"}]
Answers: "Media Station","correct":false,"count":"122"
Answers: "Microsoft","correct":true,"count":"1,605"
Answers: "Multi-Spectrum","correct":false,"count":"82"}]
Answers: "Graham Elliot","correct":false,"count":"575"
Answers: "Gordon Ramsay","correct":true,"count":"915"
Answers: "Tom Colicchio","correct":false,"count":"146"}]
Answers: "Glue googly eyes on it","correct":false,"count":"26"
Answers: "Melt it in the microwave","correct":false,"count":"11"
Answers: "Put it in jello","correct":true,"count":"1,113"}]
Answers: "Jane Curtin","correct":false,"count":"45"
Answers: "Chevy Chase","correct":false,"count":"70"
Answers: "Bill Murray","correct":true,"count":"995"}]
Answers: "Marisa Tomei","correct":true,"count":"1,008"
Answers: "Halle Berry","correct":false,"count":"7"
Answers: "Meryl Streep","correct":false,"count":"4"}]
Answers: "Seth Meyers","correct":false,"count":"10"
Answers: "Darrell Hammond","correct":false,"count":"288"
Answers: "Kenan Thompson","correct":true,"count":"708"}]
Answers: "Jan Levinson-Gould","correct":false,"count":"201"
Answers: "Kevin Malone","correct":false,"count":"5"
Answers: "Andy Bernard","correct":true,"count":"566"}]
Answers: "Paul Simon","correct":false,"count":"328"
Answers: "Billy Preston","correct":true,"count":"183"
Answers: "NItty Gritty Dirt Band","correct":false,"count":"56"}]
Answers: "Today Show","correct":false,"count":"75"
Answers: "Tomorrow Show","correct":false,"count":"131"
Answers: "Late Show","correct":true,"count":"72"}]
Answers: "Big Thunder Mountain","correct":false,"count":"30,532"
Answers: "The Wall","correct":true,"count":"378,420"
Answers: "French Riviera","correct":false,"count":"6,654"}]
Answers: "Arch-hounds","correct":false,"count":"15,471"
Answers: "Marmadukes","correct":false,"count":"3,775"
Answers: "Direwolves","correct":true,"count":"356,927"}]
Answers: "Sansa Stark","correct":true,"count":"262,729"
Answers: "The Hound","correct":false,"count":"14,690"
Answers: "Daenerys Targaryen","correct":false,"count":"62,559"}]
Answers: "Cousin","correct":false,"count":"47,950"
Answers: "Brother","correct":false,"count":"43,946"
Answers: "Nephew","correct":true,"count":"181,297"}]
Answers: "The Dornishman’s Wife","correct":false,"count":"13,341"
Answers: "The Rains of Castamere","correct":true,"count":"171,258"
Answers: "Hands of Gold","correct":false,"count":"9,310"}]
Answers: "Margaery’s arrest","correct":false,"count":"12,041"
Answers: "Red Wedding","correct":false,"count":"1,938"
Answers: "Blow up the sept","correct":true,"count":"159,973"}]
Answers: "Dress","correct":false,"count":"3,974"
Answers: "Bracelet","correct":false,"count":"6,429"
Answers: "Necklace","correct":true,"count":"151,189"}]
Answers: "Drinking wine","correct":true,"count":"119,881"
Answers: "Showing up late","correct":false,"count":"19,650"
Answers: "Visiting Littlefinger","correct":false,"count":"9,846"}]
Answers: "Tyrion Lannister","correct":false,"count":"7,500"
Answers: "Ned Stark","correct":false,"count":"32,422"
Answers: "Varys","correct":true,"count":"85,149"}]
Answers: "Rhaegal","correct":false,"count":"11,313"
Answers: "Drogon","correct":false,"count":"11,564"
Answers: "Viserion","correct":true,"count":"71,942"}]
Answers: "Someone is.","correct":true,"count":"48,377"
Answers: "Not yet.","correct":false,"count":"9,007"
Answers: "You are.","correct":false,"count":"17,720"}]
Answers: "Death","correct":true,"count":"41,257"
Answers: "Father","correct":false,"count":"4,384"
Answers: "Smith","correct":false,"count":"9,684"}]
Answers: "Frey","correct":false,"count":"4,470"
Answers: "Tyrell","correct":true,"count":"35,999"
Answers: "Bolton","correct":false,"count":"2,714"}]
Answers: "Rhaegar Targaryen","correct":false,"count":"2,706"
Answers: "Robert Baratheon","correct":true,"count":"19,198"
Answers: "Tyrion Lannister","correct":false,"count":"14,793"}]
Answers: "Jaime Lannister","correct":false,"count":"5,408"
Answers: "Samwell Tarly","correct":false,"count":"2,896"
Answers: "Euron Greyjoy","correct":true,"count":"16,437"}]
Answers: "Oakland Raiders","correct":true,"count":"80,460"
Answers: "San Francisco Giants","correct":false,"count":"10,334"
Answers: "Portland Timbers","correct":false,"count":"2,007"}]
Answers: "Vampire","correct":false,"count":"811"
Answers: "Skeleton","correct":true,"count":"73,059"
Answers: "Ghost","correct":false,"count":"6,054"}]
Answers: "Svetlana Khorkina","correct":false,"count":"4,931"
Answers: "Shannon Miller","correct":false,"count":"8,570"
Answers: "Simone Biles","correct":true,"count":"58,815"}]
Answers: "Small forward","correct":false,"count":"7,435"
Answers: "Shooting guard","correct":false,"count":"15,026"
Answers: "Center","correct":true,"count":"36,023"}]
Answers: "Roger Federer","correct":false,"count":"11,983"
Answers: "Andre Agassi","correct":false,"count":"5,930"
Answers: "Andy Murray","correct":true,"count":"18,703"}]
Answers: "Clayton Kershaw","correct":false,"count":"2,909"
Answers: "Max Scherzer","correct":true,"count":"14,918"
Answers: "Justin Verlander","correct":false,"count":"2,149"}]
Answers: "Cubs","correct":false,"count":"749"
Answers: "Dodgers","correct":true,"count":"13,294"
Answers: "Yankees","correct":false,"count":"1,442"}]
Answers: "Right eye","correct":true,"count":"11,300"
Answers: "Left eye","correct":false,"count":"1,483"
Answers: "Neither","correct":false,"count":"647"}]
Answers: "Talladega","correct":true,"count":"10,059"
Answers: "Indy Motor Speedway","correct":false,"count":"424"
Answers: "Daytona","correct":false,"count":"1,155"}]
Answers: "New York","correct":false,"count":"1,785"
Answers: "Pennsylvania","correct":false,"count":"4,166"
Answers: "Michigan","correct":true,"count":"4,034"}]
Answers: "Margaret Court","correct":false,"count":"258"
Answers: "Mark Edmondson","correct":false,"count":"1,640"
Answers: "Chris O'Neil","correct":true,"count":"3,381"}]
Answers: "LeBron James","correct":false,"count":"952"
Answers: "Michael Jordan","correct":true,"count":"2,225"
Answers: "Kobe Bryant","correct":false,"count":"743"}]
Answers: "Casablanca","correct":false,"count":"49,175"
Answers: "Showgirls","correct":true,"count":"286,468"
Answers: "Citizen Kane","correct":false,"count":"18,997"}]
Answers: "Troll 2","correct":false,"count":"14,310"
Answers: "Sharknado","correct":false,"count":"23,824"
Answers: "Gigli","correct":true,"count":"250,003"}]
Answers: "Super smart sharks","correct":true,"count":"229,880"
Answers: "Super rude teens","correct":false,"count":"5,939"
Answers: "Super fast snakes","correct":false,"count":"13,310"}]
Answers: "Good doggy.","correct":false,"count":"26,893"
Answers: "Pass me the football!","correct":false,"count":"25,531"
Answers: "Oh hi, Mark!","correct":true,"count":"177,380"}]
Answers: "Gremlins 2","correct":false,"count":"34,733"
Answers: "Leprechaun","correct":false,"count":"19,350"
Answers: "Howard the Duck","correct":true,"count":"125,072"}]
Answers: "Freezing Gotham City","correct":true,"count":"90,184"
Answers: "Fighting Superman","correct":false,"count":"20,201"
Answers: "A mind-reading box","correct":false,"count":"11,051"}]
Answers: "Repo Man","correct":false,"count":"19,120"
Answers: "Xanadu","correct":false,"count":"31,641"
Answers: "Mac and Me","correct":true,"count":"37,679"}]
Answers: "Zooey Deschanel","correct":false,"count":"12,833"
Answers: "Betty Buckley","correct":true,"count":"19,890"
Answers: "John Leguizamo","correct":false,"count":"10,998"}]
Answers: "The Wicker Man (2006)","correct":true,"count":"17,253"
Answers: "Battlefield Earth","correct":false,"count":"3,013"
Answers: "Maximum Overdrive","correct":false,"count":"2,975"}]
Answers: "Head out in a car","correct":false,"count":"3,547"
Answers: "Same song","correct":false,"count":"6,927"
Answers: "Neither","correct":true,"count":"7,197"}]
Answers: "Getting fired","correct":false,"count":"1,199"
Answers: "Copper poisoning","correct":true,"count":"3,489"
Answers: "The captain","correct":false,"count":"5,521"}]
Answers: "Hugging his son","correct":true,"count":"1,905"
Answers: "Winking at the camera","correct":false,"count":"2,156"
Answers: "Holding his trophy","correct":false,"count":"1,187"}]
Answers: "Boss Baby","correct":false,"count":"1,177"
Answers: "Captain","correct":true,"count":"148,546"
Answers: "Mrs. Big Time","correct":false,"count":"471"}]
Answers: "Semper Fi","correct":false,"count":"418"
Answers: "Wifi","correct":true,"count":"145,214"
Answers: "Hi-fi","correct":false,"count":"389"}]
Answers: "South by Southwest","correct":true,"count":"105,976"
Answers: "North by Northwest","correct":false,"count":"4,048"
Answers: "Coachella","correct":false,"count":"33,093"}]
Answers: "George Michael","correct":false,"count":"24,342"
Answers: "George Clooney","correct":false,"count":"7,814"
Answers: "George Clinton","correct":true,"count":"67,095"}]
Answers: "Charlotte’s Web","correct":true,"count":"52,869"
Answers: "Horton Hears a Who!","correct":false,"count":"9,727"
Answers: "The Phantom Tollbooth","correct":false,"count":"4,932"}]
Answers: "Mirror","correct":false,"count":"8,275"
Answers: "Pinhole","correct":true,"count":"38,134"
Answers: "Film","correct":false,"count":"6,075"}]
Answers: "One Direction","correct":false,"count":"7,124"
Answers: "BTS","correct":true,"count":"14,337""Fifth Harmony","correct":false,"count":"9,840"
Answers: "Bangtan Sonyeondan","correct":false,"count":"4,552"}]
Answers: "Othello","correct":false,"count":"3,308"
Answers: "Macbeth","correct":true,"count":"4,173"
Answers: "Hamlet","correct":false,"count":"10,378"}]
Answers: "The High Sparrow","correct":false,"count":"1,776"
Answers: "The Queen of Thorns","correct":false,"count":"1,633"
Answers: "The Three-Eyed Raven","correct":true,"count":"3,066"}]
Answers: "Resurrection","correct":true,"count":"2,248"
Answers: "Princess","correct":false,"count":"685"
Answers: "Hidden","correct":false,"count":"586"}]
Answers: "Californium","correct":false,"count":"166"
Answers: "Berkelium","correct":false,"count":"243"
Answers: "Angelesium","correct":true,"count":"2,063"}]
Answers: "Number of residents","correct":false,"count":"355"
Answers: "Century built","correct":false,"count":"844"
Answers: "Defensive use","correct":true,"count":"887"}]
Answers: "Flashlight apps","correct":false,"count":"1,571"
Answers: "The Sun","correct":true,"count":"334,691"
Answers: "Glow sticks","correct":false,"count":"644"}]
Answers: "Fangs","correct":false,"count":"2,728"
Answers: "Bangs","correct":true,"count":"328,300"
Answers: "Thangs","correct":false,"count":"1,399"}]
Answers: "Dandelion","correct":false,"count":"4,951"
Answers: "Venus flytrap","correct":true,"count":"315,402"
Answers: "Artichoke","correct":false,"count":"5,505"}]
Answers: "Jamaica","correct":true,"count":"237,789"
Answers: "Haiti","correct":false,"count":"33,994"
Answers: "Dominican Republic","correct":false,"count":"37,645"}]
Answers: "Supermarket","correct":false,"count":"5,730"
Answers: "Restaurant","correct":true,"count":"192,422"
Answers: "Spa","correct":false,"count":"42,505"}]
Answers: "Cousin","correct":true,"count":"102,154"
Answers: "Mother","correct":false,"count":"66,576"
Answers: "Aunt","correct":false,"count":"24,528"}]
Answers: "Orthopedist","correct":false,"count":"10,304"
Answers: "Podiatrist","correct":true,"count":"53,073"
Answers: "Chiropractor","correct":false,"count":"42,170"}]
Answers: "Galaga","correct":false,"count":"16,109"
Answers: "Scramble","correct":false,"count":"978"
Answers: "Defender","correct":true,"count":"40,229"}]
Answers: "Vivienne Westwood","correct":true,"count":"29,902"
Answers: "Virgil Abloh","correct":false,"count":"9,072"
Answers: "Hedi Slimane","correct":false,"count":"2,708"}]
Answers: "Jethro Tull","correct":false,"count":"864"
Answers: "Allman Brothers Band","correct":false,"count":"2,954"
Answers: "Blue Oyster Cult","correct":true,"count":"27,593"}]
Answers: "Still life","correct":false,"count":"4,124"
Answers: "Religious","correct":true,"count":"6,334"
Answers: "Nude","correct":false,"count":"17,433"}]
Answers: "Canada","correct":false,"count":"5,380"
Answers: "Netherlands","correct":false,"count":"5,932"
Answers: "Ireland","correct":true,"count":"4,358"}]
Answers: "Odell Beckham Jr.","correct":true,"count":"80,828"
Answers: "DeAndre Hopkins","correct":false,"count":"4,067"
Answers: "Mike Evans","correct":false,"count":"3,861"}]
Answers: "Red","correct":true,"count":"71,327"
Answers: "Clear","correct":false,"count":"745"
Answers: "Turquoise","correct":false,"count":"6,790"}]
Answers: "Tim Tebow","correct":false,"count":"2,849"
Answers: "Charlie Ward","correct":false,"count":"3,579"
Answers: "Doug Flutie","correct":true,"count":"64,667"}]
Answers: "Australian Open","correct":false,"count":"9,130"
Answers: "US Open","correct":false,"count":"11,541"
Answers: "French Open","correct":true,"count":"41,943"}]
Answers: "Duke","correct":false,"count":"6,042"
Answers: "Gonzaga","correct":true,"count":"32,739"
Answers: "Virginia","correct":false,"count":"4,740"}]
Answers: "Defensive tackle","correct":true,"count":"24,204"
Answers: "Linebacker","correct":false,"count":"6,578"
Answers: "Safety","correct":false,"count":"2,351"}]
Answers: "New York Knicks","correct":false,"count":"186"
Answers: "Chicago Bulls","correct":true,"count":"24,441"
Answers: "Boston Celtics","correct":false,"count":"409"}]
Answers: "Diamondbacks","correct":false,"count":"3,256"
Answers: "Angels","correct":false,"count":"5,195"
Answers: "Marlins","correct":true,"count":"15,649"}]
Answers: "One game","correct":false,"count":"6,974"
Answers: "One possession","correct":false,"count":"3,760"
Answers: "One down","correct":true,"count":"6,244"}]
Answers: "Serena Williams","correct":false,"count":"1,682"
Answers: "Venus Williams","correct":true,"count":"2,808"
Answers: "Caroline Wozniacki","correct":false,"count":"4,448"}]
Answers: "Alabama","correct":false,"count":"276"
Answers: "Yale","correct":false,"count":"738"
Answers: "Notre Dame","correct":true,"count":"3,073"}]
Answers: "Cubs","correct":false,"count":"561"
Answers: "Yankees","correct":false,"count":"1,228"
Answers: "Dodgers","correct":true,"count":"1,394"}]
Answers: "Oxygen","correct":false,"count":"213,480"
Answers: "Calcium","correct":false,"count":"35,917"
Answers: "Nitrogen","correct":true,"count":"123,999"}]
Answers: "Covered in spiders","correct":false,"count":"1,400"
Answers: "Chocolate-dipped","correct":false,"count":"1,306"
Answers: "Stainless steel","correct":true,"count":"292,191"}]
Answers: "Brooch","correct":false,"count":"1,234"
Answers: "Tiara","correct":false,"count":"703"
Answers: "Anklet","correct":true,"count":"288,604"}]
Answers: "Neptune","correct":false,"count":"10,976"
Answers: "Mercury","correct":true,"count":"264,974"
Answers: "Uranus","correct":false,"count":"9,066"}]
Answers: "Anthropology","correct":false,"count":"27,386"
Answers: "Computer science","correct":false,"count":"11,744"
Answers: "Law","correct":true,"count":"224,004"}]
Answers: "Robinson Crusoe","correct":false,"count":"38,846"
Answers: "Lord of the Flies","correct":true,"count":"159,059"
Answers: "The Beach","correct":false,"count":"27,288"}]
Answers: "Nixon / Kennedy","correct":true,"count":"140,554"
Answers: "Clinton / Bush","correct":false,"count":"4,322"
Answers: "Roosevelt / Hoover","correct":false,"count":"17,998"}]
Answers: "Bread","correct":false,"count":"10,691"
Answers: "Rice","correct":true,"count":"106,898"
Answers: "Noodles","correct":false,"count":"25,046"}]
Answers: "Fatboy Slim","correct":true,"count":"61,410"
Answers: "Skrillex","correct":false,"count":"32,179"
Answers: "Bob Dylan","correct":false,"count":"15,688"}]
Answers: "Mark Zuckerberg","correct":false,"count":"36,330"
Answers: "Steve Wozniak","correct":true,"count":"22,161"
Answers: "Sergey Brin","correct":false,"count":"7,608"}]
Answers: "New Mexico","correct":true,"count":"13,336"
Answers: "Colorado","correct":false,"count":"18,125"
Answers: "North Carolina","correct":false,"count":"2,130"}]
Answers: "Pick out a dress","correct":false,"count":"2,282"
Answers: "Find a date","correct":false,"count":"765"
Answers: "Paint her nails","correct":true,"count":"12,861"}]
Answers: "All the world’s a stage","correct":false,"count":"4,666"
Answers: "I burn, I pine, I perish","correct":false,"count":"3,767"
Answers: "To gild the lily","correct":true,"count":"4,594"}]
Answers: "The Intern","correct":true,"count":"3,717"
Answers: "It’s Complicated","correct":false,"count":"914"
Answers: "Something’s Gotta Give","correct":false,"count":"734"}]
Answers: "Russian","correct":true,"count":"2,201"
Answers: "Spanish","correct":false,"count":"787"
Answers: "Greek","correct":false,"count":"775"}]
Answers: "Dan Quayle","correct":false,"count":"480"
Answers: "Al Gore","correct":true,"count":"1,688"
Answers: "Joe Biden","correct":false,"count":"126"}]
Answers: "The OC","correct":false,"count":"157"
Answers: "Pretty Little Liars","correct":false,"count":"303"
Answers: "Gossip Girl","correct":true,"count":"1,216"}]
Answers: "Wooden bat","correct":false,"count":"398"
Answers: "Baseball","correct":true,"count":"411"
Answers: "Bases","correct":false,"count":"392"}]
Answers: "Superior","correct":false,"count":"138"
Answers: "Erie","correct":false,"count":"145"
Answers: "Huron","correct":true,"count":"124"}]
Answers: "No cost is too high","correct":false,"count":"18"
Answers: "Spared no expense","correct":true,"count":"87"
Answers: "You get what you pay for","correct":false,"count":"17"}]
Answers: "Lassie","correct":false,"count":"834"
Answers: "Jiminy Cricket","correct":false,"count":"1,132"
Answers: "Dumbo","correct":true,"count":"200,486"}]
Answers: "Arnold Schwarzenegger","correct":true,"count":"186,265"
Answers: "Cardi B","correct":false,"count":"1,049"
Answers: "Ben Affleck","correct":false,"count":"11,294"}]
Answers: "Bane","correct":false,"count":"2,371"
Answers: "The Joker","correct":false,"count":"5,659"
Answers: "The Penguin","correct":true,"count":"177,349"}]
Answers: "Driver","correct":false,"count":"32,364"
Answers: "Mechanic","correct":false,"count":"18,640"
Answers: "Dispatcher","correct":true,"count":"123,975"}]
Answers: "Big Fish","correct":false,"count":"53,349"
Answers: "LA Confidential","correct":true,"count":"38,738"
Answers: "Mars Attacks!","correct":false,"count":"35,535"}]
Answers: "Prom","correct":true,"count":"46,958"
Answers: "The mall","correct":false,"count":"1,196"
Answers: "Homecoming","correct":false,"count":"7,379"}]
Answers: "Steal My Girl","correct":true,"count":"27,355"
Answers: "What Makes You Beautiful","correct":false,"count":"11,359"
Answers: "Best Song Ever","correct":false,"count":"9,549"}]
Answers: "The War of the Roses","correct":true,"count":"9,914"
Answers: "Falling Down","correct":false,"count":"2,300"
Answers: "Romancing the Stone","correct":false,"count":"16,299"}]
Answers: "Picasso","correct":false,"count":"785"
Answers: "Napoleon","correct":true,"count":"15,622"
Answers: "Beethoven","correct":false,"count":"1,441"}]
Answers: "The son","correct":false,"count":"1,222"
Answers: "The son’s friend","correct":false,"count":"2,508"
Answers: "The momma","correct":true,"count":"11,710"}]
Answers: "I’m strong, you’re weak.","correct":true,"count":"9,021"
Answers: "I’m big, you’re little.","correct":false,"count":"929"
Answers: "I’m right, you’re wrong.","correct":false,"count":"1,723"}]
Answers: "Apple","correct":true,"count":"4,008"
Answers: "Ham","correct":false,"count":"3,181"
Answers: "Egg","correct":false,"count":"2,018"}]
Answers: "Jane Austen","correct":false,"count":"25,124"
Answers: "Tiffany Haddish","correct":true,"count":"328,242"
Answers: "Winston Churchill","correct":false,"count":"11,535"}]
Answers: "Mango","correct":false,"count":"17,596"
Answers: "Banana","correct":false,"count":"8,349"
Answers: "Orange","correct":true,"count":"303,735"}]
Answers: "Ernest Hemingway","correct":false,"count":"8,984"
Answers: "Charles Dickens","correct":false,"count":"17,323"
Answers: "Mark Twain","correct":true,"count":"277,632"}]
Answers: "Ireland","correct":true,"count":"119,329"
Answers: "Wales","correct":false,"count":"78,896"
Answers: "Scotland","correct":false,"count":"69,506"}]
Answers: "George Orwell","correct":true,"count":"100,758"
Answers: "Ray Bradbury","correct":false,"count":"28,278"
Answers: "Arthur C. Clarke","correct":false,"count":"11,355"}]
Answers: "The Kite Runner","correct":false,"count":"13,370"
Answers: "The Da Vinci Code","correct":false,"count":"14,579"
Answers: "The Alchemist","correct":true,"count":"77,475"}]
Answers: "Emma","correct":false,"count":"9,327"
Answers: "Jane Eyre","correct":true,"count":"54,571"
Answers: "Persuasion","correct":false,"count":"17,287"}]
Answers: "The Sandman","correct":false,"count":"8,859"
Answers: "Mr. Punch","correct":false,"count":"34,121"
Answers: "American Gods","correct":true,"count":"16,008"}]
Answers: "The Stand","correct":false,"count":"6,687"
Answers: "Pet Sematary","correct":false,"count":"2,926"
Answers: "It","correct":true,"count":"23,585"}]
Answers: "Textbook chapter","correct":false,"count":"3,537"
Answers: "Presentation transcript","correct":true,"count":"12,181"
Answers: "Rhyming poem","correct":false,"count":"9,562"}]
Answers: "The Worth of Stars","correct":false,"count":"1,080"
Answers: "Stolen Time","correct":false,"count":"4,217"
Answers: "Drums of Autumn","correct":true,"count":"8,580"}]
Answers: "Great and sudden change","correct":true,"count":"5,430"
Answers: "Love torn asunder","correct":false,"count":"2,703"
Answers: "Short-liv’d friendship","correct":false,"count":"1,020"}]
Answers: "Stains all your clothes","correct":false,"count":"2,507"
Answers: "Straight up your nose","correct":false,"count":"5,530"
Answers: "Nobody knows","correct":true,"count":"270,574"}]
Answers: "Super Soaker","correct":false,"count":"1,699"
Answers: "Pitchfork","correct":true,"count":"264,882"
Answers: "Laser pointer","correct":false,"count":"2,083"}]
Answers: "Democratic party members","correct":false,"count":"10,243"
Answers: "Aristocrats","correct":false,"count":"1,334"
Answers: "The people","correct":true,"count":"251,687"}]
Answers: "Percy and Padfoot","correct":false,"count":"19,976"
Answers: "The Hungarian Horntail","correct":false,"count":"17,841"
Answers: "Attack of the Clones","correct":true,"count":"204,503"}]
Answers: "Kirby","correct":false,"count":"51,400"
Answers: "Bowser","correct":true,"count":"78,586"
Answers: "Luigi","correct":false,"count":"78,841"}]
Answers: "Philadelphia","correct":true,"count":"45,432"
Answers: "Las Vegas","correct":false,"count":"18,262"
Answers: "Annapolis","correct":false,"count":"25,888"}]
Answers: "Coffee","correct":false,"count":"14,470"
Answers: "Caramel","correct":true,"count":"9,994"
Answers: "Celery","correct":false,"count":"26,465"}]
Answers: "Alaska","correct":false,"count":"2,838"
Answers: "Oregon","correct":false,"count":"6,173"
Answers: "Hawaii","correct":true,"count":"8,411"}]
Answers: "Republican presidents","correct":true,"count":"5,714"
Answers: "Whig presidents","correct":false,"count":"3,316"
Answers: "Democratic presidents","correct":false,"count":"1,961"}]
Answers: "Hills Bros. coffee","correct":false,"count":"440"
Answers: "3-in-1 Oil","correct":false,"count":"291"
Answers: "Elmer’s Glue","correct":true,"count":"5,779"}]
Answers: "Phil Collins","correct":false,"count":"969"
Answers: "Duran Duran","correct":false,"count":"1,941"
Answers: "Elton John","correct":true,"count":"2,810"}]
Answers: "Tommy Chong","correct":false,"count":"765"
Answers: "Tom Arnold","correct":false,"count":"737"
Answers: "Thomas Pynchon","correct":true,"count":"1,784"}]
Answers: "North America","correct":true,"count":"314,019"
Answers: "Australia","correct":false,"count":"1,017"
Answers: "Asia","correct":false,"count":"808"}]
Answers: "Grizzly bear","correct":true,"count":"306,729"
Answers: "Elephant","correct":false,"count":"2,541"
Answers: "Warthog","correct":false,"count":"2,108"}]
Answers: "Five matching dice","correct":true,"count":"296,094"
Answers: "A large boat","correct":false,"count":"1,235"
Answers: "Full hand of cards","correct":false,"count":"6,665"}]
Answers: "Ribbon","correct":true,"count":"115,973"
Answers: "Sky","correct":false,"count":"106,022"
Answers: "Plate","correct":false,"count":"51,470"}]
Answers: "Neil Young","correct":true,"count":"75,894"
Answers: "Bob Dylan","correct":false,"count":"36,922"
Answers: "John Denver","correct":false,"count":"26,397"}]
Answers: "Stable","correct":false,"count":"19,649"
Answers: "Casino","correct":true,"count":"49,986"
Answers: "Barbershop","correct":false,"count":"11,982"}]
Answers: "Karl Malone","correct":false,"count":"6,120"
Answers: "Wilt Chamberlain","correct":false,"count":"15,750"
Answers: "Shaquille O’Neal","correct":true,"count":"29,284"}]
Answers: "Star Trek","correct":true,"count":"21,761"
Answers: "Superman","correct":false,"count":"9,670"
Answers: "James Bond","correct":false,"count":"2,000"}]
Answers: "Dana Carvey","correct":false,"count":"1,439"
Answers: "Kevin Nealon","correct":false,"count":"3,009"
Answers: "Phil Hartman","correct":true,"count":"18,615"}]
Answers: "Buddhism","correct":false,"count":"6,208"
Answers: "Sikhism","correct":false,"count":"4,084"
Answers: "Hinduism","correct":true,"count":"9,078"}]
Answers: "California","correct":true,"count":"8,468"
Answers: "Borneo","correct":false,"count":"1,145"
Answers: "Saudi Arabia","correct":false,"count":"2,168"}]
Answers: "Don Rickles","correct":false,"count":"2,110"
Answers: "Mel Brooks","correct":true,"count":"4,041"
Answers: "Richard Pryor","correct":false,"count":"2,864"}]
Answers: "Fun","correct":true,"count":"364,161"
Answers: "Lunch","correct":false,"count":"2,414"
Answers: "A baby","correct":false,"count":"1,013"}]
Answers: "Antarctica","correct":false,"count":"1,737"
Answers: "Ireland","correct":true,"count":"358,404"
Answers: "The HQniverse","correct":false,"count":"1,412"}]
Answers: "Horse","correct":false,"count":"26,022"
Answers: "Goat","correct":false,"count":"31,995"
Answers: "Cow","correct":true,"count":"296,978"}]
Answers: "Let us","correct":false,"count":"32,216"
Answers: "There will","correct":false,"count":"54,208"
Answers: "Am not","correct":true,"count":"205,233"}]
Answers: "G","correct":false,"count":"31,828"
Answers: "F minor","correct":true,"count":"142,073"
Answers: "E","correct":false,"count":"43,679"}]
Answers: "Chicago","correct":true,"count":"114,787"
Answers: "Boston","correct":false,"count":"36,293"
Answers: "New York","correct":false,"count":"2,341"}]
Answers: "Corn","correct":true,"count":"114,921"
Answers: "Beef","correct":false,"count":"3,037"
Answers: "Cabbage","correct":false,"count":"1,841"}]
Answers: "Silver","correct":true,"count":"40,255"
Answers: "Gold","correct":false,"count":"16,438"
Answers: "Red","correct":false,"count":"57,857"}]
Answers: "Miami Heat","correct":true,"count":"14,540"
Answers: "Los Angeles Dodgers","correct":false,"count":"23,422"
Answers: "St. Louis Blues","correct":false,"count":"15,426"}]
Answers: "Cousin","correct":false,"count":"3,765"
Answers: "Grandson","correct":false,"count":"5,142"
Answers: "Nephew","correct":true,"count":"12,099"}]
Answers: "Zulu leader","correct":false,"count":"1,992"
Answers: "British leader","correct":false,"count":"6,151"
Answers: "American leader","correct":true,"count":"5,199"}]
Answers: "Jawaharlal Nehru","correct":false,"count":"686"
Answers: "Mao Zedong","correct":false,"count":"2,505"
Answers: "Hirohito","correct":true,"count":"2,909"}]
Answers: "Neighborhood bar","correct":false,"count":"852"
Answers: "Place in the Bible","correct":true,"count":"1,856"
Answers: "Famous mobster","correct":false,"count":"504"}]
Answers: "Quebec","correct":false,"count":"408"
Answers: "Ontario","correct":true,"count":"1,222"
Answers: "British Columbia","correct":false,"count":"496"}]
Answers: "Michael Caine","correct":false,"count":"399"
Answers: "John C. Reilly","correct":true,"count":"581"
Answers: "Benicio del Toro","correct":false,"count":"362"}]
Answers: "Magic Bus","correct":false,"count":"127"
Answers: "Not Fade Away","correct":false,"count":"155"
Answers: "Honky Tonk Women","correct":true,"count":"297"}]
Answers: "Atari","correct":false,"count":"27"
Answers: "Konami","correct":true,"count":"246"
Answers: "Capcom","correct":false,"count":"21"}]
Answers: "Poland","correct":false,"count":"42"
Answers: "Sweden","correct":true,"count":"100"
Answers: "Russia","correct":false,"count":"101"}]
Answers: "John Steinbeck","correct":false,"count":"20"
Answers: "F. Scott Fitzgerald","correct":false,"count":"63"
Answers: "William Faulkner","correct":true,"count":"14"}]
Answers: "Polynesia","correct":false,"count":"2"
Answers: "Melanesia","correct":false,"count":"5"
Answers: "Micronesia","correct":true,"count":"6"}]
Answers: "Nintendo’s first console","correct":true,"count":"0"
Answers: "Battlestar Galactica","correct":false,"count":"2"
Answers: "AD&D Players Handbook","correct":false,"count":"4"}]
Answers: "Smith","correct":false,"count":"2,502"
Answers: "Way","correct":true,"count":"337,343"
Answers: "Probate lawyer","correct":false,"count":"916"}]
Answers: "Europe / Asia","correct":true,"count":"311,949"
Answers: "S. America / Antarctica","correct":false,"count":"12,045"
Answers: "Africa / Australia","correct":false,"count":"9,796"}]
Answers: "Guitar","correct":false,"count":"27,497"
Answers: "Ukulele","correct":false,"count":"108,439"
Answers: "Viola","correct":true,"count":"183,009"}]
Answers: "Egg cream","correct":false,"count":"54,611"
Answers: "Duck sauce","correct":false,"count":"13,107"
Answers: "Cheesecake","correct":true,"count":"175,141"}]
Answers: "Hamilton","correct":false,"count":"35,529"
Answers: "Annie","correct":true,"count":"137,146"
Answers: "Les Misérables","correct":false,"count":"24,349"}]
Answers: "Daniel Stern","correct":false,"count":"22,997"
Answers: "Bob Saget","correct":false,"count":"46,557"
Answers: "Ron Howard","correct":true,"count":"84,018"}]
Answers: "Halloween","correct":false,"count":"740"
Answers: "Sunset","correct":false,"count":"4,379"
Answers: "An equinox","correct":true,"count":"73,938"}]
Answers: "Pee-wee’s Big Adventure","correct":true,"count":"36,334"
Answers: "Back to the Future","correct":false,"count":"16,431"
Answers: "The Goonies","correct":false,"count":"19,908"}]
Answers: "Diane von Furstenberg","correct":true,"count":"35,162"
Answers: "Gianni Versace","correct":false,"count":"5,255"
Answers: "Donna Karan","correct":false,"count":"5,914"}]
Answers: "James K. Polk","correct":false,"count":"1,123"
Answers: "Millard Fillmore","correct":false,"count":"1,739"
Answers: "Martin Van Buren","correct":true,"count":"34,291"}]
Answers: "Planting trees","correct":true,"count":"22,321"
Answers: "Opening schools","correct":false,"count":"4,605"
Answers: "Preventing malaria","correct":false,"count":"7,080"}]
Answers: "-GEN","correct":false,"count":"728"
Answers: "-IUM","correct":false,"count":"2,045"
Answers: "-INE","correct":true,"count":"21,557"}]
Answers: "Helena","correct":true,"count":"8,975"
Answers: "Austin","correct":false,"count":"1,786"
Answers: "Sacramento","correct":false,"count":"10,443"}]
Answers: "Chinese sporting event","correct":false,"count":"2,159"
Answers: "Russian cartoon","correct":true,"count":"9,388"
Answers: "Indian celebration","correct":false,"count":"2,391"}]
Answers: "A nautical mile","correct":false,"count":"4,072"
Answers: "Emotional","correct":false,"count":"576"
Answers: "40 yards","correct":true,"count":"100,428"}]
Answers: "NCAA bracket","correct":true,"count":"97,613"
Answers: "Space camp application","correct":false,"count":"1,694"
Answers: "Giant novelty check","correct":false,"count":"1,497"}]
Answers: "Seattle Mariners","correct":false,"count":"4,471"
Answers: "Colorado Rockies","correct":true,"count":"95,380"
Answers: "Minnesota Twins","correct":false,"count":"2,275"}]
Answers: "Lindsey Vonn","correct":true,"count":"71,886"
Answers: "Annemarie Moser-Pröll","correct":false,"count":"8,285"
Answers: "Janica Kostelić","correct":false,"count":"5,807"}]
Answers: "Carl Yastrzemski","correct":false,"count":"10,802"
Answers: "Carlton Fisk","correct":true,"count":"59,239"
Answers: "Fred Lynn","correct":false,"count":"4,727"}]
Answers: "Pele","correct":false,"count":"7,302"
Answers: "Cristiano Ronaldo","correct":true,"count":"29,302"
Answers: "Lionel Messi","correct":false,"count":"24,709"}]
Answers: "Phil Mickelson","correct":true,"count":"15,104"
Answers: "Nick Faldo","correct":false,"count":"13,320"
Answers: "Jack Nicklaus","correct":false,"count":"9,582"}]
Answers: "Tiki Barber","correct":false,"count":"7,066"
Answers: "Adrian Peterson","correct":true,"count":"4,726"
Answers: "Walter Payton","correct":false,"count":"7,766"}]
Answers: "Oilers","correct":false,"count":"1,963"
Answers: "Islanders","correct":false,"count":"2,219"
Answers: "Penguins","correct":true,"count":"3,748"}]
Answers: "Michael Waltrip","correct":true,"count":"1,615"
Answers: "Jeff Gordon","correct":false,"count":"857"
Answers: "Dale Earnhardt Jr.","correct":false,"count":"1,883"}]
Answers: "Paul George","correct":true,"count":"510"
Answers: "Kyrie Irving","correct":false,"count":"533"
Answers: "Kemba Walker","correct":false,"count":"1,014"}]
Answers: "One-and-done","correct":true,"count":"96,432"
Answers: "Bingo bango","correct":false,"count":"2,509"
Answers: "Irish goodbyes","correct":false,"count":"1,986"}]
Answers: "UConn","correct":true,"count":"75,607"
Answers: "Duke","correct":false,"count":"12,663"
Answers: "UCLA","correct":false,"count":"9,991"}]
Answers: "North","correct":true,"count":"66,064"
Answers: "East","correct":false,"count":"10,833"
Answers: "South","correct":false,"count":"12,466"}]
Answers: "Knicks","correct":true,"count":"57,857"
Answers: "Lakers","correct":false,"count":"11,820"
Answers: "Bulls","correct":false,"count":"12,559"}]
Answers: "Bobby Knight","correct":false,"count":"4,532"
Answers: "Mike Krzyzewski","correct":false,"count":"5,862"
Answers: "Jim Valvano","correct":true,"count":"59,398"}]
Answers: "Harvard","correct":true,"count":"16,844"
Answers: "Minnesota","correct":false,"count":"10,703"
Answers: "UMBC","correct":false,"count":"27,818"}]
Answers: "Larry Bird","correct":false,"count":"5,103"
Answers: "Pete Maravich","correct":true,"count":"21,417"
Answers: "Michael Jordan","correct":false,"count":"1,758"}]
Answers: "Baylor","correct":false,"count":"2,640"
Answers: "Tennessee","correct":true,"count":"13,342"
Answers: "Notre Dame","correct":false,"count":"6,199"}]
Answers: "Bulldogs","correct":false,"count":"3,203"
Answers: "Wildcats","correct":true,"count":"8,737"
Answers: "Cavaliers","correct":false,"count":"2,379"}]
Answers: "Georgia","correct":false,"count":"350"
Answers: "Houston","correct":true,"count":"9,160"
Answers: "Kentucky","correct":false,"count":"658"}]
Answers: "Steph Curry","correct":true,"count":"4,541"
Answers: "Wilt Chamberlain","correct":false,"count":"3,492"
Answers: "Michael Jordan","correct":false,"count":"1,222"}]
Answers: "Villanova","correct":true,"count":"4,359"
Answers: "Arizona","correct":false,"count":"1,090"
Answers: "Kansas","correct":false,"count":"436"}]
Answers: "Filament","correct":true,"count":"154,296"
Answers: "Buried treasure","correct":false,"count":"901"
Answers: "Convenient parking","correct":false,"count":"367"}]
Answers: "Anime","correct":true,"count":"156,113"
Answers: "Santa Fe","correct":false,"count":"371"
Answers: "Canapé","correct":false,"count":"1,189"}]
Answers: "Game of Thrones","correct":false,"count":"18,651"
Answers: "Arrested Development","correct":false,"count":"16,296"
Answers: "Stranger Things","correct":true,"count":"114,909"}]
Answers: "Submarine","correct":false,"count":"4,130"
Answers: "Aircraft carrier","correct":false,"count":"3,566"
Answers: "Corvette","correct":true,"count":"131,446"}]
Answers: "Changed its name","correct":true,"count":"66,656"
Answers: "Added a bookstore","correct":false,"count":"6,625"
Answers: "Closed down","correct":false,"count":"55,708"}]
Answers: "Chef","correct":true,"count":"43,981"
Answers: "Stunt pilot","correct":false,"count":"11,317"
Answers: "Photographer","correct":false,"count":"26,605"}]
Answers: "Garnet","correct":false,"count":"7,447"
Answers: "Sapphire","correct":true,"count":"33,191"
Answers: "Topaz","correct":false,"count":"7,506"}]
Answers: "Hotelier","correct":false,"count":"3,384"
Answers: "US president","correct":true,"count":"28,257"
Answers: "Astronaut","correct":false,"count":"2,999"}]
Answers: "Athena","correct":false,"count":"3,483"
Answers: "Zeus","correct":false,"count":"2,016"
Answers: "Apollo","correct":true,"count":"23,863"}]
Answers: "Mendelevium","correct":true,"count":"22,291"
Answers: "Lawrencium","correct":false,"count":"911"
Answers: "Rutherfordium","correct":false,"count":"1,209"}]
Answers: "Even Closer","correct":false,"count":"1,722"
Answers: "The Ted Knight Show","correct":true,"count":"18,626"
Answers: "Three Close for Comfort","correct":false,"count":"2,262"}]
Answers: "Chile","correct":false,"count":"2,278"
Answers: "Canada","correct":true,"count":"15,050"
Answers: "Nepal","correct":false,"count":"1,785"}]
Answers: "Darth Sidious","correct":false,"count":"7,504"
Answers: "Voldemort","correct":true,"count":"461,400"
Answers: "Mr. Rogers","correct":false,"count":"2,825"}]
Answers: "Computer Science","correct":false,"count":"4,582"
Answers: "Muggle Studies","correct":true,"count":"458,289"
Answers: "Differential Geometry","correct":false,"count":"8,199"}]
Answers: "Gryffindor","correct":false,"count":"71,907"
Answers: "Slytherin","correct":false,"count":"77,290"
Answers: "Hufflepuff","correct":true,"count":"307,093"}]
Answers: "Rita Skeeter","correct":true,"count":"163,367"
Answers: "Remus Lupin","correct":false,"count":"204,073"
Answers: "Cedric Diggory","correct":false,"count":"45,090"}]
Answers: "Unicorn","correct":false,"count":"178,954"
Answers: "Acromantula","correct":false,"count":"34,044"
Answers: "Thestral","correct":true,"count":"82,348"}]
Answers: "Kreacher","correct":false,"count":"13,014"
Answers: "Regulus Black","correct":false,"count":"30,224"
Answers: "Ron Weasley","correct":true,"count":"116,833"}]
Answers: "Severus","correct":false,"count":"23,403"
Answers: "Draco","correct":true,"count":"81,600"
Answers: "Sirius","correct":false,"count":"18,834"}]
Answers: "Charms","correct":false,"count":"17,813"
Answers: "Transfiguration","correct":true,"count":"62,464"
Answers: "Potions","correct":false,"count":"6,975"}]
Answers: "Wild Warlock","correct":false,"count":"22,172"
Answers: "Mad Muggle","correct":true,"count":"35,361"
Answers: "Grouchy Goblin","correct":false,"count":"8,436"}]
Answers: "Impediment Jinx","correct":false,"count":"7,219"
Answers: "Switching Spell","correct":false,"count":"2,360"
Answers: "Freezing Charm","correct":true,"count":"32,962"}]
Answers: "Wand of Wands","correct":false,"count":"1,336"
Answers: "Dragon & Quaffle","correct":false,"count":"4,787"
Answers: "Fountain of Fair Fortune","correct":true,"count":"27,679"}]
Answers: "Nonverbal spells","correct":true,"count":"16,764"
Answers: "Inferi defense","correct":false,"count":"8,801"
Answers: "Knockback jinx","correct":false,"count":"2,004"}]
Answers: "Deep-fried lard","correct":false,"count":"4,097"
Answers: "Fresh fruit","correct":true,"count":"301,558"
Answers: "Live tiger","correct":false,"count":"1,868"}]
Answers: "Donkey Kong Country","correct":false,"count":"13,754"
Answers: "Call of Duty: Black Ops","correct":false,"count":"9,581"
Answers: "Tetris","correct":true,"count":"289,683"}]
Answers: "Jeans","correct":true,"count":"298,243"
Answers: "Jewelry","correct":false,"count":"1,664"
Answers: "Jerseys","correct":false,"count":"2,195"}]
Answers: "Thermal energy","correct":false,"count":"71,200"
Answers: "Kinetic energy","correct":false,"count":"49,229"
Answers: "Chemical energy","correct":true,"count":"163,496"}]
Answers: "TikTok","correct":true,"count":"199,299"
Answers: "Snapchat","correct":false,"count":"25,396"
Answers: "Instagram","correct":false,"count":"14,025"}]
Answers: "Tammy Wynette","correct":true,"count":"109,056"
Answers: "Gnarls Barkley","correct":false,"count":"46,551"
Answers: "Aerosmith","correct":false,"count":"49,710"}]
Answers: "David","correct":true,"count":"83,893"
Answers: "Daniel","correct":false,"count":"38,552"
Answers: "Douglas","correct":false,"count":"5,774"}]
Answers: "The Die Hard films","correct":false,"count":"26,443"
Answers: "Wagner’s Ring Cycle","correct":true,"count":"29,101"
Answers: "The Chronicles of Narnia","correct":false,"count":"29,940"}]
Answers: "Triceratops","correct":false,"count":"2,411"
Answers: "Protoceratops","correct":false,"count":"3,537"
Answers: "Tyrannosaurus","correct":true,"count":"31,583"}]
Answers: "New York","correct":false,"count":"14,907"
Answers: "New Hampshire","correct":false,"count":"4,891"
Answers: "Connecticut","correct":true,"count":"11,637"}]
Answers: "Martin Van Buren","correct":false,"count":"1,893"
Answers: "James K. Polk","correct":false,"count":"2,527"
Answers: "John Quincy Adams","correct":true,"count":"12,648"}]
Answers: "Elvis jumpsuit","correct":true,"count":"2,007"
Answers: "Tuxedo with tails","correct":false,"count":"1,809"
Answers: "Hawaiian shirt","correct":false,"count":"8,494"}]
Answers: "Avionics","correct":false,"count":"2,856"
Answers: "Semiotics","correct":false,"count":"3,920"
Answers: "Probiotics","correct":true,"count":"288,618"}]
Answers: "Fewer than 16","correct":false,"count":"13,777"
Answers: "Exactly 16","correct":false,"count":"99,973"
Answers: "More than 16","correct":true,"count":"176,808"}]
Answers: "Gecko","correct":true,"count":"197,533"
Answers: "Frog","correct":false,"count":"29,400"
Answers: "Salamander","correct":false,"count":"48,830"}]
Answers: "Gym","correct":false,"count":"38,502"
Answers: "Restaurant","correct":false,"count":"59,955"
Answers: "Studio","correct":true,"count":"161,866"}]
Answers: "Brahms","correct":false,"count":"39,850"
Answers: "Beethoven","correct":false,"count":"43,370"
Answers: "Chopin","correct":true,"count":"146,055"}]
Answers: "Poetry","correct":false,"count":"48,235"
Answers: "Opening sentence","correct":true,"count":"87,710"
Answers: "Romance scene","correct":false,"count":"37,144"}]
Answers: "Jakarta","correct":true,"count":"49,495"
Answers: "New York City","correct":false,"count":"25,891"
Answers: "New Delhi","correct":false,"count":"22,001"}]
Answers: "Radiation","correct":true,"count":"17,050"
Answers: "Black hole","correct":false,"count":"26,324"
Answers: "Gravitational wave","correct":false,"count":"12,040"}]
Answers: "Maine","correct":false,"count":"2,999"
Answers: "Arkansas","correct":false,"count":"4,727"
Answers: "Indiana","correct":true,"count":"17,865"}]
Answers: "Captain Von Trapp","correct":false,"count":"2,504"
Answers: "Ellen Ripley","correct":true,"count":"15,887"
Answers: "Gob Bluth","correct":false,"count":"849"}]
Answers: "Guatemala","correct":true,"count":"13,509"
Answers: "Ethiopia","correct":false,"count":"445"
Answers: "Estonia","correct":false,"count":"2,155"}]
Answers: "A Moveable Feast","correct":false,"count":"2,315"
Answers: "The Great Gatsby","correct":false,"count":"8,966"
Answers: "As I Lay Dying","correct":true,"count":"2,709"}]
Answers: "Hamlet","correct":false,"count":"9,736"
Answers: "Othello","correct":false,"count":"36,908"
Answers: "Iago","correct":true,"count":"445,830"}]
Answers: "Matcha macaron","correct":false,"count":"832"
Answers: "Granola bar","correct":false,"count":"911"
Answers: "Poison apple","correct":true,"count":"504,621"}]
Answers: "Wildebeest","correct":false,"count":"6,066"
Answers: "Flamingo","correct":false,"count":"3,225"
Answers: "Crocodile","correct":true,"count":"495,439"}]
Answers: "Marlin / Dory","correct":false,"count":"5,819"
Answers: "Drizella / Anastasia","correct":true,"count":"445,954"
Answers: "Adella / Atina","correct":false,"count":"46,967"}]
Answers: "Shere Khan","correct":false,"count":"79,697"
Answers: "Yzma","correct":true,"count":"340,100"
Answers: "Percival C. McLeach","correct":false,"count":"61,909"}]
Answers: "Schoolmate","correct":true,"count":"129,375"
Answers: "Friend of the family","correct":false,"count":"146,145"
Answers: "Colleague","correct":false,"count":"153,541"}]
Answers: "Claude Frollo","correct":true,"count":"46,155"
Answers: "Shan Yu","correct":false,"count":"100,279"
Answers: "Stromboli","correct":false,"count":"107,864"}]
Answers: "Losers","correct":false,"count":"11,305"
Answers: "Good-hearted","correct":false,"count":"29,868"
Answers: "Depressed","correct":true,"count":"62,533"}]
Answers: "Belle is mine!","correct":true,"count":"48,795"
Answers: "I’ll take care of her!","correct":false,"count":"2,299"
Answers: "You’re just a beast!","correct":false,"count":"14,888"}]
Answers: "Rabble","correct":true,"count":"10,207"
Answers: "Fools","correct":false,"count":"18,747"
Answers: "Peasants","correct":false,"count":"21,556"}]
Answers: "Don’t slouch","correct":true,"count":"5,167"
Answers: "Look up","correct":false,"count":"2,789"
Answers: "Speak nicely","correct":false,"count":"6,350"}]
Answers: "Gaston","correct":true,"count":"5,197"
Answers: "Governor Ratcliffe","correct":false,"count":"802"
Answers: "Captain Hook","correct":false,"count":"362"}]
Answers: "Tentacles","correct":false,"count":"101"
Answers: "Wings","correct":false,"count":"1,378"
Answers: "Flames for hair","correct":true,"count":"3,728"}]
Answers: "Rum","correct":false,"count":"1,282"
Answers: "Cake","correct":false,"count":"1,308"
Answers: "Free tattoo","correct":true,"count":"1,347"}]
Answers: "Audible","correct":true,"count":"92,597"
Answers: "Earwolf","correct":false,"count":"4,454"
Answers: "Maximum Fun","correct":false,"count":"1,996"}]
Answers: "Charging","correct":true,"count":"89,984"
Answers: "Blocking","correct":false,"count":"6,184"
Answers: "Tripping","correct":false,"count":"3,064"}]
Answers: "Oregon","correct":true,"count":"66,609"
Answers: "Houston","correct":false,"count":"15,644"
Answers: "Auburn","correct":false,"count":"15,983"}]
Answers: "The Masters","correct":true,"count":"71,663"
Answers: "US Open","correct":false,"count":"20,210"
Answers: "British Open","correct":false,"count":"4,273"}]
Answers: "MLB","correct":true,"count":"61,816"
Answers: "NFL","correct":false,"count":"23,930"
Answers: "NBA","correct":false,"count":"7,020"}]
Answers: "Fair catch","correct":true,"count":"38,925"
Answers: "Kickoff out of bounds","correct":false,"count":"18,964"
Answers: "Personal foul","correct":false,"count":"23,152"}]
Answers: "Bulls","correct":false,"count":"5,648"
Answers: "Lakers","correct":true,"count":"39,297"
Answers: "Celtics","correct":false,"count":"6,933"}]
Answers: "Kansas","correct":false,"count":"10,765"
Answers: "Oklahoma","correct":true,"count":"18,415"
Answers: "Buffalo","correct":false,"count":"10,940"}]
Answers: "South Korea","correct":true,"count":"17,197"
Answers: "Australia","correct":false,"count":"2,513"
Answers: "USA","correct":false,"count":"2,109"}]
Answers: "New York Yankees","correct":false,"count":"2,494"
Answers: "Toronto Blue Jays","correct":true,"count":"4,910"
Answers: "Miami Marlins","correct":false,"count":"10,388"}]
Answers: "Roger Staubach","correct":true,"count":"5,771"
Answers: "Joe Montana","correct":false,"count":"1,064"
Answers: "Terry Bradshaw","correct":false,"count":"1,446"}]
Answers: "Alcohol","correct":true,"count":"2,868"
Answers: "Human growth hormone","correct":false,"count":"1,761"
Answers: "Steroids","correct":false,"count":"1,621"}]
Answers: "Fistful","correct":false,"count":"2,282"
Answers: "Dozen","correct":true,"count":"420,865"
Answers: "Googol","correct":false,"count":"908"}]
Answers: "Pain and Gain","correct":false,"count":"21,312"
Answers: "Pokémon Red and Blue","correct":false,"count":"18,186"
Answers: "War and Peace","correct":true,"count":"388,784"}]
Answers: "Weimaraner","correct":false,"count":"2,544"
Answers: "Persian","correct":true,"count":"414,451"
Answers: "Yorkshire terrier","correct":false,"count":"1,790"}]
Answers: "Vest","correct":true,"count":"163,964"
Answers: "Cummerbund","correct":false,"count":"105,458"
Answers: "Tailcoat","correct":false,"count":"141,548"}]
Answers: "Flimflam","correct":false,"count":"63,469"
Answers: "Hodgepodge","correct":true,"count":"170,352"
Answers: "Willy-nilly","correct":false,"count":"112,960"}]
Answers: "Wine","correct":true,"count":"72,255"
Answers: "Cheese","correct":false,"count":"105,950"
Answers: "Yogurt","correct":false,"count":"127,174"}]
Answers: "Mappy","correct":true,"count":"33,558"
Answers: "Q*bert","correct":false,"count":"48,007"
Answers: "Defender","correct":false,"count":"57,056"}]
Answers: "Raiders of the Lost Ark","correct":true,"count":"20,309"
Answers: "Ghostbusters","correct":false,"count":"10,919"
Answers: "The Empire Strikes Back","correct":false,"count":"14,791"}]
Answers: "Turtle","correct":true,"count":"10,224"
Answers: "Lizard","correct":false,"count":"10,622"
Answers: "Snake","correct":false,"count":"3,718"}]
Answers: "Minneapolis","correct":false,"count":"1,981"
Answers: "Maryland","correct":false,"count":"2,386"
Answers: "Miami","correct":true,"count":"8,174"}]
Answers: "Poland","correct":true,"count":"6,274"
Answers: "Belarus","correct":false,"count":"1,661"
Answers: "Lithuania","correct":false,"count":"841"}]
Answers: "Rick James","correct":false,"count":"846"
Answers: "The Commodores","correct":false,"count":"943"
Answers: "Ben E. King","correct":true,"count":"4,844"}]
Answers: "Queen","correct":false,"count":"4,674"
Answers: "King Krule","correct":false,"count":"1,120"
Answers: "Prince","correct":true,"count":"148,311"}]
Answers: "Up and up and up and up","correct":false,"count":"1,844"
Answers: "Away","correct":true,"count":"151,329"
Answers: "Down a little","correct":false,"count":"534"}]
Answers: "Tennessee","correct":false,"count":"12,967"
Answers: "Kentucky","correct":false,"count":"8,069"
Answers: "Mississippi","correct":true,"count":"131,000"}]
Answers: "Happy Days","correct":true,"count":"117,638"
Answers: "All in the Family","correct":false,"count":"10,879"
Answers: "Mary Tyler Moore Show","correct":false,"count":"20,188"}]
Answers: "Harbor","correct":false,"count":"26,379"
Answers: "Chess move","correct":true,"count":"100,614"
Answers: "Movie","correct":false,"count":"14,110"}]
Answers: "John Mayer","correct":true,"count":"61,814"
Answers: "Sufjan Stevens","correct":false,"count":"22,959"
Answers: "Bruce Springsteen","correct":false,"count":"42,710"}]
Answers: "Warlords","correct":false,"count":"16,014"
Answers: "Joust","correct":true,"count":"36,750"
Answers: "Gauntlet","correct":false,"count":"31,531"}]
Answers: "BTU","correct":true,"count":"20,428"
Answers: "Calorie","correct":false,"count":"12,617"
Answers: "Joule","correct":false,"count":"10,738"}]
Answers: "Quartz","correct":false,"count":"1,589"
Answers: "Limestone","correct":true,"count":"20,033"
Answers: "Marble","correct":false,"count":"3,178"}]
Answers: "Venison","correct":false,"count":"1,668"
Answers: "Mutton","correct":false,"count":"2,777"
Answers: "Veal","correct":true,"count":"15,985"}]
Answers: "e","correct":false,"count":"3,012"
Answers: "√2","correct":true,"count":"7,503"
Answers: "π","correct":false,"count":"6,294"}]
Answers: "The Peanuts Movie","correct":false,"count":"652"
Answers: "Air Bud","correct":false,"count":"1,064"
Answers: "Marley & Me","correct":true,"count":"8,335"}]
Answers: "Silver lining","correct":true,"count":"365,236"
Answers: "Attitude problem","correct":false,"count":"5,669"
Answers: "Cash bar","correct":false,"count":"1,713"}]
Answers: "Anorak","correct":false,"count":"30,581"
Answers: "Balaclava","correct":false,"count":"31,881"
Answers: "Bikini","correct":true,"count":"320,086"}]
Answers: "SNA","correct":true,"count":"346,923"
Answers: "RNA","correct":false,"count":"21,141"
Answers: "DNA","correct":false,"count":"5,467"}]
Answers: "Franklin D. Roosevelt","correct":false,"count":"35,285"
Answers: "Lyndon B. Johnson","correct":true,"count":"283,648"
Answers: "Dwight D. Eisenhower","correct":false,"count":"46,562"}]
Answers: "Wint-O-Green","correct":true,"count":"305,667"
Answers: "Butter Rum","correct":false,"count":"15,344"
Answers: "Pineapple","correct":false,"count":"25,180"}]
Answers: "Manitoban elk","correct":false,"count":"31,506"
Answers: "African buffalo","correct":false,"count":"10,815"
Answers: "Indian rhinoceros","correct":true,"count":"287,485"}]
Answers: "Kazaam","correct":false,"count":"37,575"
Answers: "Donnie Darko","correct":false,"count":"150,005"
Answers: "Being John Malkovich","correct":true,"count":"94,376"}]
Answers: "Yao Ming","correct":true,"count":"38,505"
Answers: "Gheorghe Muresan","correct":false,"count":"58,857"
Answers: "Manute Bol","correct":false,"count":"34,825"}]
Answers: "South Africa","correct":true,"count":"27,331"
Answers: "Zambia","correct":false,"count":"16,640"
Answers: "Somalia","correct":false,"count":"12,711"}]
Answers: "Arbor Day","correct":false,"count":"3,013"
Answers: "Memorial Day","correct":false,"count":"10,352"
Answers: "Hanukkah","correct":true,"count":"16,806"}]
Answers: "Roger Taylor","correct":true,"count":"7,056"
Answers: "Brian May","correct":false,"count":"3,564"
Answers: "Freddie Mercury","correct":false,"count":"9,417"}]
Answers: "Steven Spielberg","correct":true,"count":"3,372"
Answers: "Francis Ford Coppola","correct":false,"count":"3,403"
Answers: "George Lucas","correct":false,"count":"3,477"}]
Answers: "Big Ben","correct":false,"count":"13,715"
Answers: "King Kong Bundy","correct":false,"count":"2,564"
Answers: "Green Monster","correct":true,"count":"115,928"}]
Answers: "Slider","correct":false,"count":"55,801"
Answers: "Curveball","correct":false,"count":"50,163"
Answers: "Screwball","correct":true,"count":"24,557"}]
Answers: "Money","correct":true,"count":"64,829"
Answers: "Players","correct":false,"count":"21,728"
Answers: "Rights to Broadway play","correct":false,"count":"30,274"}]
Answers: "First base","correct":false,"count":"26,974"
Answers: "Relief pitcher","correct":true,"count":"59,930"
Answers: "Outfield","correct":false,"count":"24,635"}]
Answers: "Seattle Mariners","correct":false,"count":"15,022"
Answers: "Boston Red Sox","correct":true,"count":"52,005"
Answers: "Oakland Athletics","correct":false,"count":"35,893"}]
Answers: "6-3","correct":false,"count":"26,283"
Answers: "4-3","correct":false,"count":"25,734"
Answers: "5-3","correct":true,"count":"39,385"}]
Answers: "Lou Brock","correct":false,"count":"18,389"
Answers: "Rickey Henderson","correct":false,"count":"35,803"
Answers: "Maury Wills","correct":true,"count":"10,240"}]
Answers: "Perfect game","correct":false,"count":"2,524"
Answers: "4 home runs in a game","correct":true,"count":"6,589"
Answers: "5 steals in a game","correct":false,"count":"7,278"}]
Answers: "Barry Bonds","correct":false,"count":"2,399"
Answers: "Willie Mays","correct":true,"count":"1,592"
Answers: "Mike Trout","correct":false,"count":"3,937"}]
Answers: "Cleveland Indians","correct":true,"count":"852"
Answers: "Atlanta Braves","correct":false,"count":"1,029"
Answers: "Detroit Tigers","correct":false,"count":"873"}]
Answers: "Batter gets 3 bases","correct":true,"count":"318"
Answers: "Out","correct":false,"count":"403"
Answers: "Batter safe at 1st base","correct":false,"count":"371"}]
Answers: "Hank Aaron hits HR 714","correct":true,"count":"136"
Answers: "Nolan Ryan 7th no-hitter","correct":false,"count":"133"
Answers: "Pete Rose’s 4,000th hit","correct":false,"count":"140"}]
Answers: "Fiddle leaf fig","correct":false,"count":"19,671"
Answers: "Everything","correct":true,"count":"362,814"
Answers: "Street grit","correct":false,"count":"10,070"}]
Answers: "Komondor","correct":true,"count":"344,191"
Answers: "Golden retriever","correct":false,"count":"11,615"
Answers: "Corgi","correct":false,"count":"42,185"}]
Answers: "Exaggerated","correct":true,"count":"219,906"
Answers: "Underrated","correct":false,"count":"70,224"
Answers: "Ignored","correct":false,"count":"92,870"}]
Answers: "Revenge","correct":false,"count":"15,348"
Answers: "Anger","correct":false,"count":"65,977"
Answers: "Love","correct":true,"count":"283,276"}]
Answers: "Legal research","correct":false,"count":"10,708"
Answers: "Practice law","correct":true,"count":"306,376"
Answers: "Prepare civil documents","correct":false,"count":"32,331"}]
Answers: "Sardinia","correct":false,"count":"56,991"
Answers: "Cyprus","correct":false,"count":"114,145"
Answers: "Sicily","correct":true,"count":"161,012"}]
Answers: "Mike Myers","correct":true,"count":"170,099"
Answers: "Jim Carrey","correct":false,"count":"33,886"
Answers: "Bill Murray","correct":false,"count":"16,260"}]
Answers: "Potassium","correct":false,"count":"21,169"
Answers: "Iron","correct":false,"count":"22,541"
Answers: "Nickel","correct":true,"count":"131,698"}]
Answers: "Matt Damon","correct":false,"count":"43,033"
Answers: "Vin Diesel","correct":true,"count":"32,805"
Answers: "Harrison Ford","correct":false,"count":"53,020"}]
Answers: "Story","correct":true,"count":"21,098"
Answers: "Polish","correct":false,"count":"16,258"
Answers: "Hamlet","correct":false,"count":"17,348"}]
Answers: "Love song","correct":false,"count":"1,605"
Answers: "Good times","correct":false,"count":"6,304"
Answers: "Real thing","correct":true,"count":"16,836"}]
Answers: "You’re gone.","correct":true,"count":"6,045"
Answers: "That’s great!","correct":false,"count":"5,509"}]
Answers: "Dachshund","correct":true,"count":"2,270"
Answers: "Boxer","correct":false,"count":"1,649"
Answers: "Poodle","correct":false,"count":"3,836"}]
Answers: "Wholesome","correct":false,"count":"658"
Answers: "Government","correct":false,"count":"860"
Answers: "Independence","correct":true,"count":"1,508"}]
Answers: "Etheria","correct":false,"count":"750"
Answers: "Eternia","correct":false,"count":"623"
Answers: "Grayskull","correct":true,"count":"305"}]
Answers: "George Washington","correct":false,"count":"45"
Answers: "James Buchanan","correct":false,"count":"161"
Answers: "Benjamin Harrison","correct":true,"count":"93"}]
Answers: "Ax to grind","correct":true,"count":"142,409"
Answers: "Apple to core","correct":false,"count":"4,219"
Answers: "Ambulance to fuel","correct":false,"count":"1,475"}]
Answers: "Odd number","correct":false,"count":"9,966"
Answers: "Odd or even number","correct":false,"count":"15,262"
Answers: "Even number","correct":true,"count":"119,719"}]
Answers: "Jawns","correct":false,"count":"11,789"
Answers: "Jams","correct":false,"count":"52,704"
Answers: "Joints","correct":true,"count":"78,379"}]
Answers: "The Ring of Kerry","correct":false,"count":"4,633"
Answers: "St. Patrick’s Cathedral","correct":false,"count":"10,862"
Answers: "The Blarney Stone","correct":true,"count":"117,559"}]
Answers: "Zoetrope","correct":true,"count":"49,252"
Answers: "Rotoscope","correct":false,"count":"34,495"
Answers: "Kinescope","correct":false,"count":"45,365"}]
Answers: "Sliced like bread","correct":true,"count":"58,510"
Answers: "Chilled","correct":false,"count":"5,309"
Answers: "With gravy","correct":false,"count":"16,723"}]
Answers: "Switzerland","correct":false,"count":"7,874"
Answers: "Peru","correct":true,"count":"43,118"
Answers: "Canada","correct":false,"count":"8,609"}]
Answers: "Birdseye","correct":false,"count":"1,850"
Answers: "Stouffer’s","correct":false,"count":"2,494"
Answers: "Swanson","correct":true,"count":"39,549"}]
Answers: "Dark Side of the Moon","correct":true,"count":"26,795"
Answers: "Sgt. Pepper","correct":false,"count":"7,671"
Answers: "Physical Graffiti","correct":false,"count":"2,435"}]
Answers: "James Monroe","correct":false,"count":"3,720"
Answers: "John Adams","correct":true,"count":"15,545"
Answers: "Millard Fillmore","correct":false,"count":"10,091"}]
Answers: "Josef Stalin","correct":false,"count":"3,079"
Answers: "Vladimir Lenin","correct":true,"count":"9,721"
Answers: "Karl Marx","correct":false,"count":"6,708"}]
Answers: "A long time","correct":true,"count":"146,223"
Answers: "A long, long time","correct":false,"count":"197,569"
Answers: "A long, long, long time","correct":false,"count":"45,248"}]
Answers: "New Dominion / Uprising","correct":false,"count":"20,260"
Answers: "First Order / Resistance","correct":true,"count":"334,217"
Answers: "Regime / Revolution","correct":false,"count":"19,024"}]
Answers: "Darth Vader","correct":false,"count":"172,450"
Answers: "Grand Moff Tarkin","correct":true,"count":"102,431"
Answers: "Admiral Piett","correct":false,"count":"91,998"}]
Answers: "Aubree Miller","correct":false,"count":"39,467"
Answers: "Sofia Coppola","correct":false,"count":"70,704"
Answers: "Warwick Davis","correct":true,"count":"224,581"}]
Answers: "Attack of the Clones","correct":false,"count":"72,163"
Answers: "The Force Awakens","correct":true,"count":"124,540"
Answers: "Rogue One","correct":false,"count":"120,901"}]
Answers: "Wedge","correct":true,"count":"134,101"
Answers: "Biggs","correct":false,"count":"100,660"
Answers: "Porkins","correct":false,"count":"41,859"}]
Answers: "Darth Maul","correct":false,"count":"30,907"
Answers: "Count Dooku","correct":false,"count":"58,864"
Answers: "Darth Sidious","correct":true,"count":"97,325"}]
Answers: "Interceptor","correct":false,"count":"14,132"
Answers: "Vanguard","correct":true,"count":"64,937"
Answers: "Striker","correct":false,"count":"27,159"}]
Answers: "Bossk the Bounty Hunter","correct":true,"count":"31,370"
Answers: "Jyn Erso","correct":false,"count":"11,635"
Answers: "Supreme Leader Snoke","correct":false,"count":"25,601"}]
Answers: "“Droids” cartoon","correct":false,"count":"4,024"
Answers: "Holiday special","correct":true,"count":"27,399"
Answers: "“Family Guy” gag","correct":false,"count":"9,003"}]
Answers: "Tauntaun","correct":false,"count":"8,584"
Answers: "Chewbacca","correct":true,"count":"6,311"
Answers: "Obi-Wan","correct":false,"count":"14,636"}]
Answers: "Roo-Roo Page","correct":false,"count":"3,584"
Answers: "Cad Bane","correct":true,"count":"4,734"
Answers: "Asajj Ventress","correct":false,"count":"3,942"}]
Answers: "Spanish","correct":false,"count":"3,446"
Answers: "New tricks","correct":true,"count":"254,573"
Answers: "AP Calculus","correct":false,"count":"1,136"}]
Answers: "The Wig Gang","correct":false,"count":"779"
Answers: "The Yin Yang","correct":false,"count":"5,404"
Answers: "The Big Bang","correct":true,"count":"257,917"}]
Answers: "Maine","correct":false,"count":"1,547"
Answers: "Hawaii","correct":true,"count":"258,940"
Answers: "Alaska","correct":false,"count":"2,246"}]
Answers: "Claude Monet","correct":false,"count":"32,741"
Answers: "Georges Seurat","correct":false,"count":"51,059"
Answers: "Pablo Picasso","correct":true,"count":"176,522"}]
Answers: "Rangers","correct":false,"count":"55,417"
Answers: "Penguins","correct":false,"count":"41,133"
Answers: "Flyers","correct":true,"count":"151,118"}]
Answers: "Banh mi","correct":false,"count":"49,772"
Answers: "Bao","correct":false,"count":"58,939"
Answers: "Bibimbap","correct":true,"count":"120,337"}]
Answers: "King Kong","correct":false,"count":"32,044"
Answers: "The Chronicles of Narnia","correct":true,"count":"110,394"
Answers: "Revenge of the Sith","correct":false,"count":"27,309"}]
Answers: "Shang Tsung","correct":true,"count":"43,847"
Answers: "Shao Kahn","correct":false,"count":"37,567"
Answers: "Goro","correct":false,"count":"32,696"}]
Answers: "$1","correct":false,"count":"9,808"
Answers: "$2","correct":false,"count":"27,928"
Answers: "$100","correct":true,"count":"19,083"}]
Answers: "Ed O’Neill","correct":false,"count":"7,539"
Answers: "Idris Elba","correct":true,"count":"7,291"
Answers: "Bill Hader","correct":false,"count":"9,773"}]
Answers: "Smaragdine","correct":true,"count":"2,866"
Answers: "Fulvous","correct":false,"count":"2,384"
Answers: "Heliotrope","correct":false,"count":"5,496"}]
Answers: "Sedgwick","correct":true,"count":"1,525"
Answers: "Westchester","correct":false,"count":"1,202"
Answers: "Rosedale","correct":false,"count":"1,630"}]
Answers: "Vaudeville","correct":false,"count":"10,111"
Answers: "Formula 1","correct":false,"count":"20,749"
Answers: "Electrical","correct":true,"count":"244,116"}]
Answers: "Stockholm","correct":false,"count":"46,086"
Answers: "Oslo","correct":false,"count":"85,088"
Answers: "Helsinki","correct":true,"count":"140,131"}]
Answers: "Polythene Pam","correct":false,"count":"46,484"
Answers: "Michelle","correct":true,"count":"149,922"
Answers: "Lady Madonna","correct":false,"count":"62,938"}]
Answers: "Iowa State","correct":false,"count":"62,062"
Answers: "Utah State","correct":false,"count":"41,938"
Answers: "Ohio State","correct":true,"count":"146,979"}]
Answers: "7th Heaven","correct":false,"count":"105,268"
Answers: "Beverly Hills, 90210","correct":false,"count":"41,481"
Answers: "Party of Five","correct":true,"count":"87,429"}]
Answers: "Shipping","correct":false,"count":"27,779"
Answers: "Battle","correct":true,"count":"105,233"
Answers: "Ceremony","correct":false,"count":"78,079"}]
Answers: "Lyndon B. Johnson","correct":false,"count":"90,476"
Answers: "Richard Nixon","correct":false,"count":"27,538"
Answers: "Harry S. Truman","correct":true,"count":"41,028"}]
Answers: "Lens","correct":true,"count":"9,071"
Answers: "Iris","correct":false,"count":"12,085"
Answers: "Cornea","correct":false,"count":"31,492"}]
Answers: "Beloved","correct":false,"count":"2,803"
Answers: "The Color Purple","correct":true,"count":"4,888"
Answers: "The Good Earth","correct":false,"count":"7,943"}]
Answers: "Boyle’s Law","correct":true,"count":"4,470"
Answers: "Graham’s Law","correct":false,"count":"964"
Answers: "Avogadro’s Law","correct":false,"count":"844"}]
Answers: "Albanian","correct":false,"count":"986"
Answers: "Finnish","correct":false,"count":"838"
Answers: "Maltese","correct":true,"count":"2,761"}]
Answers: "Sesame Street","correct":false,"count":"1,147"
Answers: "The French Chef","correct":true,"count":"1,485"
Answers: "This Old House","correct":false,"count":"574"}]
Answers: "Chickens","correct":true,"count":"421,232"
Answers: "Steamed hams","correct":false,"count":"4,188"
Answers: "Schemes","correct":false,"count":"2,142"}]
Answers: "Chance","correct":false,"count":"8,338"
Answers: "Community Chest","correct":false,"count":"12,050"
Answers: "Casino","correct":true,"count":"411,015"}]
Answers: "World War I","correct":false,"count":"20,508"
Answers: "Civil War","correct":false,"count":"108,649"
Answers: "War of 1812","correct":true,"count":"291,431"}]
Answers: "Lungs","correct":false,"count":"5,753"
Answers: "Abdomen","correct":false,"count":"4,231"
Answers: "Hands","correct":true,"count":"398,306"}]
Answers: "NCAA basketball","correct":true,"count":"135,298"
Answers: "High school football","correct":false,"count":"117,262"
Answers: "NHL hockey","correct":false,"count":"93,182"}]
Answers: "Doug","correct":false,"count":"20,464"
Answers: "Rugrats","correct":true,"count":"270,772"
Answers: "The Ren & Stimpy Show","correct":false,"count":"48,764"}]
Answers: "“M” on forehead","correct":true,"count":"79,544"
Answers: "Orange stripes","correct":false,"count":"186,972"
Answers: "Spots","correct":false,"count":"33,223"}]
Answers: "Sausage","correct":false,"count":"10,992"
Answers: "Ketchup","correct":true,"count":"49,398"
Answers: "Dumpling","correct":false,"count":"53,094"}]
Answers: "Tokyo / Lisbon","correct":false,"count":"6,768"
Answers: "Singapore / Newark","correct":true,"count":"36,159"
Answers: "Auckland / Frankfurt","correct":false,"count":"14,668"}]
Answers: "Africa","correct":false,"count":"6,301"
Answers: "North America","correct":true,"count":"15,270"
Answers: "Asia","correct":false,"count":"17,731"}]
Answers: "Dirty Dancing","correct":false,"count":"2,539"
Answers: "A Christmas Story","correct":true,"count":"13,408"
Answers: "Mr. Mom","correct":false,"count":"4,947"}]
Answers: "Middle Earth","correct":false,"count":"904"
Answers: "Westeros","correct":false,"count":"2,106"
Answers: "Saturn","correct":true,"count":"11,837"}]
Answers: "Johann Sebastian Bach","correct":false,"count":"783"
Answers: "Ludwig van Beethoven","correct":true,"count":"9,206"
Answers: "George Frideric Handel","correct":false,"count":"2,011"}]
Answers: "Philippines","correct":false,"count":"399"
Answers: "Cyprus","correct":true,"count":"7,874"
Answers: "Laos","correct":false,"count":"1,298"}]
Answers: "Cell phone","correct":false,"count":"868"
Answers: "Diamond ring","correct":false,"count":"4,834"
Answers: "Bracelet","correct":true,"count":"2,011"}]
Answers: "United States","correct":true,"count":"203,634"
Answers: "Mars","correct":false,"count":"1,075"
Answers: "Egypt","correct":false,"count":"1,645"}]
Answers: "Bodega","correct":false,"count":"1,223"
Answers: "Desert","correct":false,"count":"1,304"
Answers: "Forest","correct":true,"count":"207,582"}]
Answers: "Star bear","correct":true,"count":"136,227"
Answers: "Sun bear","correct":false,"count":"23,248"
Answers: "Moon bear","correct":false,"count":"38,339"}]
Answers: "Giant giant-faced bear","correct":false,"count":"18,098"
Answers: "Short giant-faced bear","correct":false,"count":"14,766"
Answers: "Giant short-faced bear","correct":true,"count":"152,255"}]
Answers: "White","correct":false,"count":"82,150"
Answers: "Transparent","correct":true,"count":"75,763"
Answers: "Beige","correct":false,"count":"26,031"}]
Answers: "Foxes","correct":true,"count":"38,744"
Answers: "Possums","correct":false,"count":"72,044"
Answers: "Hyenas","correct":false,"count":"45,221"}]
Answers: "Native habitat","correct":true,"count":"25,715"
Answers: "Inspiring fear","correct":false,"count":"28,736"
Answers: "Fur color","correct":false,"count":"47,608"}]
Answers: "Spirit bear","correct":true,"count":"11,039"
Answers: "Kodiak bear","correct":false,"count":"17,762"
Answers: "Atlas bear","correct":false,"count":"6,556"}]
Answers: "Koala bear","correct":true,"count":"9,260"
Answers: "Sloth bear","correct":false,"count":"2,252"
Answers: "Panda bear","correct":false,"count":"1,928"}]
Answers: "Fearsome","correct":false,"count":"1,139"
Answers: "Strong","correct":false,"count":"4,827"
Answers: "Brown","correct":true,"count":"3,875"}]
Answers: "Unguligrade","correct":false,"count":"1,019"
Answers: "Plantigrade","correct":true,"count":"1,013"
Answers: "Digitigrade","correct":false,"count":"3,104"}]
Answers: "Polar bear","correct":false,"count":"173"
Answers: "Sloth bear","correct":false,"count":"998"
Answers: "Panda bear","correct":true,"count":"634"}]
Answers: "Tag team","correct":false,"count":"11,954"
Answers: "Royal rumble","correct":false,"count":"4,024"
Answers: "Greco-Roman","correct":true,"count":"78,336"}]
Answers: "Bartolo Colon","correct":false,"count":"7,317"
Answers: "David Ortiz","correct":false,"count":"19,277"
Answers: "Ichiro Suzuki","correct":true,"count":"66,142"}]
Answers: "North Carolina","correct":false,"count":"14,156"
Answers: "Kentucky","correct":true,"count":"65,873"
Answers: "Kansas","correct":false,"count":"11,458"}]
Answers: "Running into the kicker","correct":false,"count":"33,935"
Answers: "Too many men on field","correct":false,"count":"9,807"
Answers: "Defensive holding","correct":true,"count":"43,264"}]
Answers: "Furman","correct":false,"count":"20,936"
Answers: "Kansas","correct":false,"count":"28,419"
Answers: "Notre Dame","correct":true,"count":"29,495"}]
Answers: "Chris Sale","correct":true,"count":"25,995"
Answers: "David Price","correct":false,"count":"26,480"
Answers: "Rick Porcello","correct":false,"count":"20,341"}]
Answers: "Cris Cyborg","correct":false,"count":"2,365"
Answers: "Amanda Nunes","correct":false,"count":"10,632"
Answers: "Holly Holm","correct":true,"count":"43,826"}]
Answers: "Dallas Mavericks","correct":false,"count":"8,062"
Answers: "Orlando Magic","correct":true,"count":"26,022"
Answers: "Memphis Grizzlies","correct":false,"count":"9,718"}]
Answers: "US Open","correct":false,"count":"1,763"
Answers: "Australian Open","correct":false,"count":"5,289"
Answers: "French Open","correct":true,"count":"19,858"}]
Answers: "Juventus","correct":false,"count":"2,587"
Answers: "Real Madrid","correct":true,"count":"14,128"
Answers: "Manchester United","correct":false,"count":"3,698"}]
Answers: "Maple Leafs","correct":false,"count":"3,040"
Answers: "Sabres","correct":true,"count":"4,214"
Answers: "Kings","correct":false,"count":"7,930"}]
Answers: "UNC","correct":false,"count":"1,035"
Answers: "UConn","correct":false,"count":"3,764"
Answers: "Washington","correct":true,"count":"3,414"}]
Answers: "Training program","correct":false,"count":"126,086"
Answers: "Ad slogan","correct":false,"count":"92,878"
Answers: "IT’S A COOKBOOK!","correct":true,"count":"154,929"}]
Answers: "Chamber","correct":false,"count":"10,342"
Answers: "Realm","correct":false,"count":"71,898"
Answers: "Dimension","correct":true,"count":"310,598"}]
Answers: "In Our Dreams","correct":false,"count":"124,136"
Answers: "On Maple Street","correct":true,"count":"249,335"
Answers: "To Get Really Monstery","correct":false,"count":"7,455"}]
Answers: "Sales convention","correct":false,"count":"169,369"
Answers: "Sanitarium","correct":true,"count":"137,885"
Answers: "Family vacation","correct":false,"count":"54,175"}]
Answers: "Burning dollhouse","correct":false,"count":"104,570"
Answers: "Earth’s getting colder","correct":true,"count":"115,459"
Answers: "Everyone is deceased","correct":false,"count":"115,501"}]
Answers: "Gabby Gretchen","correct":false,"count":"43,200"
Answers: "Chatty Cathy","correct":false,"count":"116,464"
Answers: "Talky Tina","correct":true,"count":"168,116"}]
Answers: "The future","correct":false,"count":"67,880"
Answers: "Jupiter","correct":false,"count":"35,489"
Answers: "The afterlife","correct":true,"count":"151,463"}]
Answers: "The Chaser","correct":false,"count":"22,366"
Answers: "The Masks","correct":false,"count":"58,756"
Answers: "The Invaders","correct":true,"count":"86,723"}]
Answers: "Salesman","correct":true,"count":"64,050"
Answers: "Ballerina","correct":false,"count":"16,106"
Answers: "Clown","correct":false,"count":"18,838"}]
Answers: "Mark Twain","correct":false,"count":"13,618"
Answers: "William Shakespeare","correct":false,"count":"10,083"
Answers: "John Steinbeck","correct":true,"count":"43,870"}]
Answers: "Run away","correct":false,"count":"10,162"
Answers: "Thank him","correct":false,"count":"14,737"
Answers: "Make him disappear","correct":true,"count":"22,353"}]
Answers: "Oscar","correct":true,"count":"13,894"
Answers: "Grammy","correct":false,"count":"8,239"
Answers: "Pulitzer","correct":false,"count":"7,837"}]
Answers: "Time Lord","correct":false,"count":"13,170"
Answers: "Duke","correct":true,"count":"340,336"
Answers: "King of All Dimensions","correct":false,"count":"10,283"}]
Answers: "Chain mail","correct":true,"count":"264,882"
Answers: "Chain letter","correct":false,"count":"5,120"
Answers: "Chain belt","correct":false,"count":"99,986"}]
Answers: "Gridiron football","correct":false,"count":"34,269"
Answers: "Gauntlet football","correct":true,"count":"235,114"
Answers: "Association football","correct":false,"count":"79,823"}]
Answers: "Honey","correct":false,"count":"110,508"
Answers: "Agave","correct":false,"count":"131,005"
Answers: "Maple syrup","correct":true,"count":"101,333"}]
Answers: "Van Morrison","correct":true,"count":"153,621"
Answers: "Greta Van Fleet","correct":false,"count":"103,712"
Answers: "Van Halen","correct":false,"count":"60,632"}]
Answers: "Middle finger","correct":true,"count":"80,783"
Answers: "Pinkie","correct":false,"count":"123,513"
Answers: "Thumb","correct":false,"count":"92,142"}]
Answers: "Staying static","correct":false,"count":"6,215"
Answers: "Expanding","correct":true,"count":"185,854"
Answers: "Contracting","correct":false,"count":"30,631"}]
Answers: "Ancient Egyptian","correct":true,"count":"121,966"
Answers: "Ancient Hebrew","correct":false,"count":"31,900"
Answers: "Ancient Greek","correct":false,"count":"32,729"}]
Answers: "McMansion","correct":false,"count":"3,396"
Answers: "Summer home","correct":true,"count":"86,204"
Answers: "Studio apartment","correct":false,"count":"37,949"}]
Answers: "Flat","correct":false,"count":"6,301"
Answers: "Concave","correct":false,"count":"36,768"
Answers: "Convex","correct":true,"count":"42,815"}]
Answers: "Henry IV","correct":false,"count":"11,373"
Answers: "Henry V","correct":true,"count":"27,266"
Answers: "Henry VI","correct":false,"count":"13,632"}]
Answers: "Occupy movement","correct":false,"count":"3,806"
Answers: "Pope Francis elected","correct":false,"count":"6,098"
Answers: "Miracle on the Hudson","correct":true,"count":"20,996"}]
Answers: "Warsaw","correct":false,"count":"4,243"
Answers: "Berlin","correct":false,"count":"7,012"
Answers: "Madrid","correct":true,"count":"10,589"}]
Answers: "Riverdale","correct":false,"count":"1,223"
Answers: "Veronica Mars","correct":false,"count":"4,888"
Answers: "Gossip Girl","correct":true,"count":"7,199"}]
Answers: "United States","correct":false,"count":"2,323"
Answers: "Singapore","correct":false,"count":"1,851"
Answers: "United Arab Emirates","correct":true,"count":"4,270"}]
Answers: "Fault","correct":false,"count":"32,976"
Answers: "Ace","correct":false,"count":"9,556"
Answers: "Let","correct":true,"count":"54,441"}]
Answers: "Kyrie Irving","correct":false,"count":"10,564"
Answers: "LeBron James","correct":true,"count":"78,437"
Answers: "Kawhi Leonard","correct":false,"count":"6,605"}]
Answers: "Arena Football League","correct":false,"count":"20,407"
Answers: "Major League Lacrosse","correct":false,"count":"5,638"
Answers: "AAF","correct":true,"count":"67,485"}]
Answers: "Las Vegas","correct":false,"count":"11,267"
Answers: "Edmonton","correct":true,"count":"38,022"
Answers: "Boston","correct":false,"count":"41,938"}]
Answers: "Candace Parker","correct":false,"count":"20,804"
Answers: "Brittney Griner","correct":true,"count":"54,306"
Answers: "Maya Moore","correct":false,"count":"12,354"}]
Answers: "Chop block","correct":true,"count":"64,768"
Answers: "False start","correct":false,"count":"4,860"
Answers: "Holding","correct":false,"count":"14,782"}]
Answers: "New York Yankees","correct":false,"count":"14,791"
Answers: "Boston Red Sox","correct":false,"count":"15,443"
Answers: "Houston Astros","correct":true,"count":"48,969"}]
Answers: "MLB","correct":false,"count":"8,739"
Answers: "NFL","correct":true,"count":"35,675"
Answers: "NBA","correct":false,"count":"5,729"}]
Answers: "Soccer","correct":false,"count":"6,756"
Answers: "Water polo","correct":true,"count":"20,539"
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"8,882"}]
Answers: "San Francisco","correct":false,"count":"4,420"
Answers: "City College of New York","correct":true,"count":"8,757"
Answers: "Ohio State","correct":false,"count":"8,024"}]
Answers: "Dale Earnhardt / Dale Jr","correct":false,"count":"2,727"
Answers: "Richard / Lee Petty","correct":true,"count":"3,339"
Answers: "Bobby / Davey Allison","correct":false,"count":"5,514"}]
Answers: "Jim Calhoun","correct":false,"count":"1,509"
Answers: "Mike Krzyzewski","correct":false,"count":"1,632"
Answers: "Roy Williams","correct":true,"count":"2,216"}]
Answers: "British Empire","correct":false,"count":"5,190"
Answers: "Holy Roman Empire","correct":false,"count":"9,447"
Answers: "Klingon Empire","correct":true,"count":"314,394"}]
Answers: "Animal","correct":false,"count":"1,643"
Answers: "Number","correct":false,"count":"4,641"
Answers: "Word","correct":true,"count":"328,363"}]
Answers: "Not True","correct":false,"count":"9,935"
Answers: "Forget You","correct":true,"count":"299,289"
Answers: "We’re Through","correct":false,"count":"22,088"}]
Answers: "Russia","correct":false,"count":"16,215"
Answers: "Norway","correct":true,"count":"305,032"
Answers: "France","correct":false,"count":"6,903"}]
Answers: "The Grax","correct":false,"count":"9,235"
Answers: "The Lorax","correct":false,"count":"289,433"
Answers: "The Zax","correct":true,"count":"25,974"}]
Answers: "Vitamin C","correct":true,"count":"193,009"
Answers: "Vinegar","correct":false,"count":"61,158"
Answers: "Aspirin","correct":false,"count":"18,622"}]
Answers: "Under Pressure","correct":false,"count":"121,691"
Answers: "Waiting on a Friend","correct":false,"count":"43,648"
Answers: "It’s Only Rock n Roll","correct":true,"count":"75,004"}]
Answers: "Two playgrounds","correct":false,"count":"328"
Answers: "Two jumpers","correct":false,"count":"8,259"
Answers: "Two ropes","correct":true,"count":"91,319"}]
Answers: "Yeshiva University","correct":false,"count":"3,525"
Answers: "Brigham Young University","correct":true,"count":"49,948"
Answers: "Yale University","correct":false,"count":"32,438"}]
Answers: "Montreal","correct":false,"count":"10,457"
Answers: "Detroit","correct":true,"count":"36,607"
Answers: "Pittsburgh","correct":false,"count":"7,963"}]
Answers: "Praying mantis","correct":false,"count":"3,019"
Answers: "Gypsy moth","correct":false,"count":"18,918"
Answers: "Dung beetle","correct":true,"count":"17,893"}]
Answers: "Jared Leto","correct":false,"count":"4,441"
Answers: "Robert De Niro","correct":false,"count":"8,373"
Answers: "Vincent D’Onofrio","correct":true,"count":"9,670"}]
Answers: "Springfield","correct":false,"count":"347"
Answers: "Honolulu","correct":true,"count":"10,732"
Answers: "Montgomery","correct":false,"count":"713"}]
Answers: "Our father","correct":true,"count":"6,772"
Answers: "Church window","correct":false,"count":"1,657"
Answers: "Monk’s cowl","correct":false,"count":"2,131"}]
Answers: "Shia LaBeouf","correct":false,"count":"1,827"
Answers: "Cary Grant","correct":false,"count":"3,276"
Answers: "Richard Dreyfuss","correct":true,"count":"2,145"}]
Answers: "Choosers","correct":true,"count":"145,263"
Answers: "That bad off","correct":false,"count":"985"
Answers: "Serious","correct":false,"count":"1,442"}]
Answers: "Guitar","correct":false,"count":"5,421"
Answers: "Ukulele","correct":false,"count":"1,763"
Answers: "Harp","correct":true,"count":"142,507"}]
Answers: "French","correct":true,"count":"128,473"
Answers: "German","correct":false,"count":"12,724"
Answers: "English","correct":false,"count":"7,071"}]
Answers: "The Joker","correct":true,"count":"101,806"
Answers: "The Flash","correct":false,"count":"28,810"
Answers: "The Thing","correct":false,"count":"14,363"}]
Answers: "EI","correct":false,"count":"20,590"
Answers: "QU","correct":true,"count":"90,375"
Answers: "OO","correct":false,"count":"26,587"}]
Answers: "The T","correct":false,"count":"21,910"
Answers: "The Underground","correct":true,"count":"85,988"
Answers: "The Metro","correct":false,"count":"23,048"}]
Answers: "Japan","correct":true,"count":"37,884"
Answers: "Austria","correct":false,"count":"63,032"
Answers: "England","correct":false,"count":"14,092"}]
Answers: "Gilligan’s Island","correct":false,"count":"3,166"
Answers: "The Brady Bunch","correct":false,"count":"6,406"
Answers: "The Munsters","correct":true,"count":"33,714"}]
Answers: "Sword","correct":false,"count":"5,914"
Answers: "Jewelry","correct":true,"count":"19,554"
Answers: "Animal","correct":false,"count":"8,519"}]
Answers: "English","correct":true,"count":"11,328"
Answers: "American","correct":false,"count":"2,512"
Answers: "Italian","correct":false,"count":"7,077"}]
Answers: "Lepidopterist","correct":false,"count":"1,662"
Answers: "Centenarian","correct":true,"count":"5,592"
Answers: "Quisling","correct":false,"count":"2,161"}]
Answers: "Ryan","correct":false,"count":"29,914"
Answers: "Toby","correct":true,"count":"367,300"
Answers: "Jim","correct":false,"count":"56,012"}]
Answers: "Colin Farrell","correct":false,"count":"48,514"
Answers: "Dental office","correct":true,"count":"351,088"
Answers: "Prince Harry","correct":false,"count":"44,108"}]
Answers: "Miley Cyrus","correct":true,"count":"385,301"
Answers: "Lady Gaga","correct":false,"count":"14,549"
Answers: "Britney Spears","correct":false,"count":"26,517"}]
Answers: "Meredith","correct":false,"count":"85,538"
Answers: "Phyllis","correct":true,"count":"284,942"
Answers: "Kelly","correct":false,"count":"49,145"}]
Answers: "Spider bite","correct":true,"count":"182,689"
Answers: "Raccoon attack","correct":false,"count":"164,662"
Answers: "Rabid snake","correct":false,"count":"41,862"}]
Answers: "Angela","correct":true,"count":"28,191"
Answers: "Jim","correct":false,"count":"97,302"
Answers: "Pam","correct":false,"count":"214,672"}]
Answers: "The Finger Lakes","correct":true,"count":"81,904"
Answers: "Fargo","correct":false,"count":"15,550"
Answers: "Forkston","correct":false,"count":"15,539"}]
Answers: "Thor","correct":true,"count":"26,565"
Answers: "Moneyball","correct":false,"count":"20,681"
Answers: "The Help","correct":false,"count":"29,947"}]
Answers: "Glamorous Worcester","correct":false,"count":"2,609"
Answers: "Metropolitan Orlando","correct":true,"count":"29,892"
Answers: "Urban Illinois","correct":false,"count":"4,536"}]
Answers: "Nike swoosh","correct":true,"count":"23,379"
Answers: "Majestic racehorse","correct":false,"count":"2,813"
Answers: "Taco","correct":false,"count":"4,550"}]
Answers: "Himself","correct":false,"count":"7,634"
Answers: "Jim","correct":false,"count":"3,695"
Answers: "Pam","correct":true,"count":"13,360"}]
Answers: "Steeple","correct":true,"count":"304,459"
Answers: "Jumbotron","correct":false,"count":"4,704"
Answers: "Skateboarding ramp","correct":false,"count":"1,552"}]
Answers: "Synthesizer","correct":false,"count":"32,599"
Answers: "Vocoder","correct":false,"count":"22,253"
Answers: "Violin","correct":true,"count":"261,448"}]
Answers: "Okapi","correct":false,"count":"6,265"
Answers: "Emu","correct":false,"count":"6,210"
Answers: "Brontosaurus","correct":true,"count":"298,552"}]
Answers: "United States","correct":false,"count":"8,032"
Answers: "France","correct":false,"count":"44,965"
Answers: "Italy","correct":true,"count":"256,360"}]
Answers: "The Phantom Tollbooth","correct":false,"count":"53,082"
Answers: "Corduroy","correct":false,"count":"62,856"
Answers: "The Giving Tree","correct":true,"count":"173,112"}]
Answers: "Variation","correct":false,"count":"36,776"
Answers: "Defense","correct":true,"count":"125,357"
Answers: "Gambit","correct":false,"count":"109,229"}]
Answers: "Sodium","correct":false,"count":"31,427"
Answers: "Copper","correct":true,"count":"158,663"
Answers: "Lithium","correct":false,"count":"37,113"}]
Answers: "Country Bear Jamboree","correct":false,"count":"65,441"
Answers: "Star Tours","correct":false,"count":"33,235"
Answers: "Enchanted Tiki Room","correct":true,"count":"61,457"}]
Answers: "California","correct":false,"count":"10,281"
Answers: "Ohio","correct":true,"count":"34,285"
Answers: "Connecticut","correct":false,"count":"34,678"}]
Answers: "Cheech & Chong","correct":false,"count":"8,131"
Answers: "The Big Lebowski","correct":true,"count":"19,432"
Answers: "Wayne’s World","correct":false,"count":"12,918"}]
Answers: "New moon","correct":false,"count":"8,065"
Answers: "Full moon","correct":false,"count":"6,196"
Answers: "First quarter","correct":true,"count":"8,113"}]
Answers: "Sushi","correct":false,"count":"579"
Answers: "Mochi","correct":true,"count":"9,686"
Answers: "Teriyaki","correct":false,"count":"614"}]
Answers: "Million","correct":false,"count":"946"
Answers: "Billion","correct":false,"count":"2,765"
Answers: "Trillion","correct":true,"count":"6,060"}]
Answers: "Attorney General","correct":false,"count":"1,856"
Answers: "Postmaster General","correct":true,"count":"2,054"
Answers: "Secretary of War","correct":false,"count":"2,652"}]
Answers: "Africa","correct":false,"count":"1,709"
Answers: "South America","correct":false,"count":"786"
Answers: "Asia","correct":true,"count":"594"}]
Answers: "July","correct":false,"count":"57,417"
Answers: "February","correct":false,"count":"105,759"
Answers: "April","correct":true,"count":"114,775"}]
Answers: "Movie","correct":true,"count":"219,847"
Answers: "Music","correct":false,"count":"24,915"
Answers: "Magazine","correct":false,"count":"19,682"}]
Answers: "Teeteroos","correct":false,"count":"9,813"
Answers: "Eggmen","correct":false,"count":"17,208"
Answers: "Weebles","correct":true,"count":"235,720"}]
Answers: "Detroit","correct":false,"count":"104,189"
Answers: "Dallas","correct":true,"count":"135,551"
Answers: "Denver","correct":false,"count":"18,062"}]
Answers: "False dichotomy","correct":false,"count":"20,133"
Answers: "Begging the question","correct":false,"count":"14,895"
Answers: "Appeal to popularity","correct":true,"count":"211,589"}]
Answers: "Nonominoes","correct":false,"count":"18,933"
Answers: "Polyabolos","correct":false,"count":"67,641"
Answers: "Tetrominoes","correct":true,"count":"153,110"}]
Answers: "Immortal mushroom","correct":false,"count":"22,520"
Answers: "Immortal jellyfish","correct":true,"count":"110,519"
Answers: "Immortal flatworm","correct":false,"count":"75,531"}]
Answers: "Tigers","correct":false,"count":"32,886"
Answers: "Horses","correct":true,"count":"54,497"
Answers: "Dogs","correct":false,"count":"30,092"}]
Answers: "ELO","correct":false,"count":"12,989"
Answers: "Boston","correct":true,"count":"41,069"
Answers: "Parliament","correct":false,"count":"4,794"}]
Answers: "Katherine Hepburn","correct":false,"count":"7,642"
Answers: "Barbra Streisand","correct":false,"count":"10,246"
Answers: "Vanessa Redgrave","correct":true,"count":"23,982"}]
Answers: "Liverpool FC","correct":true,"count":"19,301"
Answers: "Manchester FC","correct":false,"count":"5,237"
Answers: "West Ham United FC","correct":false,"count":"1,940"}]
Answers: "Killer Rabbit","correct":true,"count":"16,530"
Answers: "Silly Walk","correct":false,"count":"1,326"
Answers: "Dead Parrot","correct":false,"count":"2,433"}]
Answers: "York","correct":false,"count":"493"
Answers: "Washington","correct":true,"count":"3,651"
Answers: "Lancaster","correct":false,"count":"12,895"}]
Answers: "Tree","correct":false,"count":"599"
Answers: "Eagle","correct":true,"count":"4,230"
Answers: "Star","correct":false,"count":"3,139"}]
Answers: "Ottawa","correct":true,"count":"2,937"
Answers: "Riyadh","correct":false,"count":"1,111"
Answers: "Caracas","correct":false,"count":"627"}]
Answers: "Captain Marvel","correct":true,"count":"419,201"
Answers: "Major Payne","correct":false,"count":"6,131"
Answers: "Lieutenant Dan","correct":false,"count":"5,412"}]
Answers: "Hangry caterpillar","correct":false,"count":"3,464"
Answers: "Flying cockroach","correct":false,"count":"4,220"
Answers: "Wasp","correct":true,"count":"433,509"}]
Answers: "Edward Burns","correct":false,"count":"41,843"
Answers: "Edward James Olmos","correct":false,"count":"36,411"
Answers: "Edward Norton","correct":true,"count":"359,941"}]
Answers: "Let’s Dance","correct":false,"count":"53,021"
Answers: "Spirit in the Sky","correct":true,"count":"323,769"
Answers: "Little Red Corvette","correct":false,"count":"50,801"}]
Answers: "Danai Gurira","correct":false,"count":"58,116"
Answers: "Letitia Wright","correct":true,"count":"203,853"
Answers: "Lupita Nyong’o","correct":false,"count":"149,862"}]
Answers: "Scientist","correct":false,"count":"55,044"
Answers: "Emergency surgeon","correct":true,"count":"242,941"
Answers: "Reporter","correct":false,"count":"76,683"}]
Answers: "Light Stone","correct":true,"count":"254,859"
Answers: "Soul Stone","correct":false,"count":"54,247"
Answers: "Time Stone","correct":false,"count":"26,688"}]
Answers: "Thor’s hammer","correct":false,"count":"17,908"
Answers: "Mind Stone","correct":false,"count":"22,153"
Answers: "Captain America’s shield","correct":true,"count":"221,265"}]
Answers: "Avengers: Infinity Wars","correct":true,"count":"91,002"
Answers: "Guardians of the Galaxy","correct":false,"count":"65,060"
Answers: "Thor: Ragnarok","correct":false,"count":"66,175"}]
Answers: "Damn Kid","correct":false,"count":"15,506"
Answers: "Shoot to Thrill","correct":false,"count":"35,927"
Answers: "California Love","correct":true,"count":"76,036"}]
Answers: "Thor","correct":false,"count":"26,386"
Answers: "Iron Man","correct":true,"count":"55,362"
Answers: "The Avengers","correct":false,"count":"7,746"}]
Answers: "Not fantastic","correct":false,"count":"5,634"
Answers: "Semi-stable","correct":true,"count":"36,692"
Answers: "Tired as hell","correct":false,"count":"19,445"}]
Answers: "Mow a lawn","correct":true,"count":"35,463"
Answers: "Give a haircut","correct":false,"count":"5,172"
Answers: "Ride a bus","correct":false,"count":"1,998"}]
Answers: "Turning him into a frog","correct":true,"count":"27,852"
Answers: "Pretending to be him","correct":false,"count":"3,923"
Answers: "Stealing his hammer","correct":false,"count":"3,832"}]
Answers: "Taller","correct":true,"count":"21,961"
Answers: "Stronger","correct":false,"count":"3,778"
Answers: "Bigger","correct":false,"count":"3,021"}]
Answers: "Tennis elbow","correct":false,"count":"2,749"
Answers: "Turf toe","correct":false,"count":"3,850"
Answers: "Lizard foot","correct":true,"count":"82,086"}]
Answers: "Rob Gronkowski","correct":true,"count":"75,935"
Answers: "Julius Peppers","correct":false,"count":"4,764"
Answers: "Tony Romo","correct":false,"count":"7,502"}]
Answers: "Oregon","correct":true,"count":"44,364"
Answers: "Baylor","correct":false,"count":"27,029"
Answers: "Notre Dame","correct":false,"count":"15,596"}]
Answers: "Colorado Rockies","correct":false,"count":"5,055"
Answers: "St. Louis Cardinals","correct":false,"count":"9,633"
Answers: "Cleveland Indians","correct":true,"count":"69,857"}]
Answers: "Mets","correct":true,"count":"36,699"
Answers: "Giants","correct":false,"count":"19,203"
Answers: "Marlins","correct":false,"count":"25,612"}]
Answers: "Steph Curry","correct":false,"count":"18,402"
Answers: "Christian Laettner","correct":true,"count":"37,007"
Answers: "Tim Duncan","correct":false,"count":"22,177"}]
Answers: "Cat Zingano","correct":false,"count":"20,064"
Answers: "Bethe Correia","correct":false,"count":"17,939"
Answers: "Miesha Tate","correct":true,"count":"28,894"}]
Answers: "500 home runs","correct":false,"count":"7,325"
Answers: "Switch hitter","correct":true,"count":"21,243"
Answers: "No. 1 overall pick","correct":false,"count":"4,433"}]
Answers: "Russia","correct":true,"count":"12,214"
Answers: "USA","correct":false,"count":"1,784"
Answers: "Canada","correct":false,"count":"8,049"}]
Answers: "Oklahoma","correct":false,"count":"1,647"
Answers: "Florida State","correct":true,"count":"8,821"
Answers: "Auburn","correct":false,"count":"2,747"}]
Answers: "NBA","correct":false,"count":"1,333"
Answers: "NHL","correct":true,"count":"5,788"
Answers: "MLS","correct":false,"count":"2,393"}]
Answers: "Patriots","correct":false,"count":"2,711"
Answers: "Bills","correct":false,"count":"2,066"
Answers: "Dolphins","correct":true,"count":"2,047"}]
Answers: "Borat","correct":true,"count":"323,235"
Answers: "Ali G","correct":false,"count":"22,094"
Answers: "Bruno","correct":false,"count":"41,365"}]
Answers: "Get Out","correct":false,"count":"26,997"
Answers: "Keanu","correct":true,"count":"301,362"
Answers: "Us","correct":false,"count":"51,358"}]
Answers: "Alien","correct":false,"count":"56,287"
Answers: "Predator","correct":true,"count":"214,756"
Answers: "Die Hard","correct":false,"count":"97,586"}]
Answers: "Baby Driver","correct":true,"count":"148,358"
Answers: "20th Century Women","correct":false,"count":"19,669"
Answers: "Juno","correct":false,"count":"181,731"}]
Answers: "The Glass Castle","correct":false,"count":"74,821"
Answers: "Room","correct":true,"count":"228,665"
Answers: "Short Term 12","correct":false,"count":"22,094"}]
Answers: "Mandarin Oriental","correct":false,"count":"64,286"
Answers: "Four Seasons","correct":false,"count":"101,285"
Answers: "Park Hyatt","correct":true,"count":"128,545"}]
Answers: "Blondie bars","correct":false,"count":"16,578"
Answers: "Businesswoman special","correct":true,"count":"97,141"
Answers: "Reunion fries","correct":false,"count":"26,835"}]
Answers: "The Last of the Mohicans","correct":false,"count":"9,383"
Answers: "Citizen Kane","correct":false,"count":"12,015"
Answers: "Lawrence of Arabia","correct":true,"count":"78,684"}]
Answers: "Driving technique","correct":false,"count":"9,560"
Answers: "Hygiene","correct":false,"count":"28,571"
Answers: "Taste in music","correct":true,"count":"35,238"}]
Answers: "Zombieland","correct":false,"count":"19,503"
Answers: "The Mummy","correct":false,"count":"4,451"
Answers: "Neither","correct":true,"count":"22,250"}]
Answers: "Architect","correct":false,"count":"5,342"
Answers: "Actor","correct":true,"count":"18,865"
Answers: "Cartoonist","correct":false,"count":"3,933"}]
Answers: "Fanta","correct":false,"count":"9,185"
Answers: "Champagne","correct":false,"count":"1,018"
Answers: "Espresso","correct":true,"count":"10,388"}]
Answers: "Standing ovation","correct":false,"count":"401"
Answers: "Take a picture","correct":false,"count":"5,066"
Answers: "Cheers with a martini","correct":true,"count":"7,293"}]
Answers: "Never Been Kissed","correct":false,"count":"2,778"
Answers: "She’s All That","correct":true,"count":"4,326"
Answers: "Drive Me Crazy","correct":false,"count":"742"}]
Answers: "Trapezoid","correct":false,"count":"2,845"
Answers: "Diamond","correct":true,"count":"143,267"
Answers: "Octagon","correct":false,"count":"1,985"}]
Answers: "Friends","correct":false,"count":"8,268"
Answers: "The Office","correct":true,"count":"131,945"
Answers: "Seinfeld","correct":false,"count":"6,971"}]
Answers: "Colonial","correct":false,"count":"14,833"
Answers: "Modern","correct":false,"count":"1,965"
Answers: "Victorian","correct":true,"count":"131,059"}]
Answers: "Paul Klee","correct":true,"count":"46,302"
Answers: "Wassily Kandinsky","correct":false,"count":"50,661"
Answers: "Marc Chagall","correct":false,"count":"45,922"}]
Answers: "Alexander the Great","correct":true,"count":"88,099"
Answers: "Napoleon Bonaparte","correct":false,"count":"25,068"
Answers: "Julius Caesar","correct":false,"count":"19,157"}]
Answers: "Hedgehogs","correct":false,"count":"26,380"
Answers: "Mice","correct":false,"count":"5,221"
Answers: "Hamsters","correct":true,"count":"96,940"}]
Answers: "Oprah Winfrey","correct":false,"count":"23,185"
Answers: "Martha Stewart","correct":true,"count":"61,360"
Answers: "Larry King","correct":false,"count":"29,034"}]
Answers: "Art purchases","correct":true,"count":"33,128"
Answers: "Gambling losses","correct":false,"count":"24,659"
Answers: "Moving expenses","correct":false,"count":"5,082"}]
Answers: "Maroon 5","correct":false,"count":"10,352"
Answers: "Coldplay","correct":true,"count":"20,152"
Answers: "Black Sabbath","correct":false,"count":"4,907"}]
Answers: "A Goofy Movie","correct":false,"count":"1,952"
Answers: "Chicken Little","correct":false,"count":"6,310"
Answers: "The Incredibles","correct":true,"count":"13,123"}]
Answers: "Wonder","correct":false,"count":"896"
Answers: "Fierce","correct":true,"count":"12,586"
Answers: "Promise","correct":false,"count":"1,293"}]
Answers: "Like a Virgin","correct":false,"count":"2,994"
Answers: "Cold Hearted","correct":true,"count":"1,832"
Answers: "A Fool in Love","correct":false,"count":"8,304"}]
Answers: "Grandma’s lasagna","correct":false,"count":"6,235"
Answers: "Thieves","correct":true,"count":"286,894"
Answers: "Milk","correct":false,"count":"24,830"}]
Answers: "Golf","correct":false,"count":"1,930"
Answers: "NHL hockey","correct":true,"count":"317,196"
Answers: "Karate","correct":false,"count":"1,295"}]
Answers: "Neptune","correct":false,"count":"6,251"
Answers: "Assignment","correct":false,"count":"30,352"
Answers: "Disclosure","correct":true,"count":"282,507"}]
Answers: "Peony","correct":true,"count":"284,421"
Answers: "Daisy","correct":false,"count":"16,524"
Answers: "Rose","correct":false,"count":"15,749"}]
Answers: "Shredded vegetables","correct":false,"count":"15,869"
Answers: "Cabbage","correct":false,"count":"19,129"
Answers: "Egg","correct":true,"count":"275,955"}]
Answers: "Choufleur","correct":false,"count":"44,723"
Answers: "Chignon","correct":true,"count":"223,025"
Answers: "Cherise","correct":false,"count":"38,413"}]
Answers: "Longer","correct":true,"count":"160,491"
Answers: "Same size","correct":false,"count":"26,985"
Answers: "Shorter","correct":false,"count":"83,270"}]
Answers: "Toddler","correct":false,"count":"43,204"
Answers: "Adult","correct":true,"count":"69,690"
Answers: "Kid","correct":false,"count":"62,592"}]
Answers: "Showtime at the Apollo","correct":false,"count":"28,935"
Answers: "Def Comedy Jam","correct":true,"count":"24,029"
Answers: "Arsenio Hall","correct":false,"count":"20,996"}]
Answers: "Britney Spears","correct":false,"count":"2,915"
Answers: "Paula Abdul","correct":true,"count":"22,978"
Answers: "Janet Jackson","correct":false,"count":"3,914"}]
Answers: "Christian Scientists","correct":false,"count":"4,105"
Answers: "Jehovah’s Witnesses","correct":false,"count":"3,838"
Answers: "Seventh-Day Adventists","correct":true,"count":"15,190"}]
Answers: "Porygon","correct":true,"count":"11,466"
Answers: "Jigglypuff","correct":false,"count":"3,717"
Answers: "Venusaur","correct":false,"count":"879"}]
Answers: "Van Wilder","correct":true,"count":"3,361"
Answers: "American Pie","correct":false,"count":"2,536"
Answers: "Hot Tub Time Machine","correct":false,"count":"5,896"}]
Answers: "Woodrow Wilson","correct":true,"count":"2,479"
Answers: "Calvin Coolidge","correct":false,"count":"673"
Answers: "William McKinley","correct":false,"count":"1,742"}]
Answers: "Just like we always will","correct":true,"count":"437"
Answers: "We’ll always be family","correct":false,"count":"471"
Answers: "And this house","correct":false,"count":"1,929"}]
Answers: "Azaleas","correct":false,"count":"3,267"
Answers: "Ivy","correct":true,"count":"82,356"
Answers: "Daffodils","correct":false,"count":"3,099"}]
Answers: "Red zone","correct":true,"count":"71,305"
Answers: "End zone","correct":false,"count":"16,322"
Answers: "Pwn zone","correct":false,"count":"870"}]
Answers: "Jordan Spieth","correct":false,"count":"8,985"
Answers: "Rory McIlroy","correct":false,"count":"12,260"
Answers: "Phil Mickelson","correct":true,"count":"66,222"}]
Answers: "100m dash","correct":false,"count":"14,847"
Answers: "Triple jump","correct":true,"count":"54,182"
Answers: "Long jump","correct":false,"count":"16,506"}]
Answers: "Collin Sexton","correct":false,"count":"7,891"
Answers: "Luka Doncic","correct":true,"count":"44,374"
Answers: "Trae Young","correct":false,"count":"27,247"}]
Answers: "Juan Martin del Potro","correct":true,"count":"42,202"
Answers: "John Isner","correct":false,"count":"11,405"
Answers: "Nicolas Mahut","correct":false,"count":"25,405"}]
Answers: "Draymond Green","correct":false,"count":"15,043"
Answers: "Klay Thompson","correct":false,"count":"13,212"
Answers: "Andre Iguodala","correct":true,"count":"44,412"}]
Answers: "Wayne Rooney","correct":false,"count":"10,249"
Answers: "David Beckham","correct":true,"count":"19,474"
Answers: "Cristiano Ronaldo","correct":false,"count":"15,601"}]
Answers: "Dwyane Wade","correct":false,"count":"3,130"
Answers: "Dirk Nowitzki","correct":false,"count":"4,309"
Answers: "They tied","correct":true,"count":"14,028"}]
Answers: "LA Kings","correct":false,"count":"1,841"
Answers: "Montreal Canadiens","correct":false,"count":"2,967"
Answers: "Toronto Maple Leafs","correct":true,"count":"10,315"}]
Answers: "VMI","correct":false,"count":"1,138"
Answers: "Loyola Marymount","correct":true,"count":"3,622"
Answers: "Long Island","correct":false,"count":"6,285"}]
Answers: "Cardinals","correct":false,"count":"1,313"
Answers: "Athletics","correct":false,"count":"2,467"
Answers: "Dodgers","correct":true,"count":"1,773"}]
Answers: "Stuart Littles","correct":false,"count":"5,676"
Answers: "Little Monsters","correct":true,"count":"287,589"
Answers: "Little Debbies","correct":false,"count":"21,295"}]
Answers: "Meat","correct":true,"count":"307,114"
Answers: "Muesli","correct":false,"count":"5,813"
Answers: "Madras","correct":false,"count":"4,439"}]
Answers: "I want your revenge","correct":true,"count":"294,627"
Answers: "Swish swish bish","correct":false,"count":"10,345"
Answers: "It’s a party in the USA!","correct":false,"count":"8,054"}]
Answers: "Jo Calderone","correct":true,"count":"211,380"
Answers: "Maxwell Demon","correct":false,"count":"39,302"
Answers: "Roman Zolanski","correct":false,"count":"59,436"}]
Answers: "Critic’s Choice","correct":false,"count":"13,176"
Answers: "SAGs","correct":false,"count":"38,800"
Answers: "Golden Globes","correct":true,"count":"247,775"}]
Answers: "Botticelli with my belly","correct":false,"count":"83,029"
Answers: "Suddenly the Koons is me","correct":true,"count":"147,367"
Answers: "Schnabel poppin’ bottles","correct":false,"count":"56,538"}]
Answers: "Glee","correct":false,"count":"81,784"
Answers: "True Blood","correct":true,"count":"115,973"
Answers: "Twin Peaks","correct":false,"count":"50,858"}]
Answers: "Her height","correct":false,"count":"87,134"
Answers: "Her aunt","correct":false,"count":"21,263"
Answers: "A song lyric","correct":true,"count":"24,561"}]
Answers: "Marriage equality","correct":true,"count":"28,263"
Answers: "Platinum album","correct":false,"count":"6,360"
Answers: "Video views","correct":false,"count":"4,711"}]
Answers: "I can’t believe you","correct":false,"count":"5,650"
Answers: "There’s so many people","correct":true,"count":"14,211"
Answers: "Thank you","correct":false,"count":"9,056"}]
Answers: "The Zodiac Killer","correct":true,"count":"10,914"
Answers: "Evil Santa Claus","correct":false,"count":"1,488"
Answers: "The Supreme","correct":false,"count":"3,441"}]
Answers: "Lisa Vanderpump","correct":false,"count":"1,225"
Answers: "Bethenny Frankel","correct":true,"count":"6,922"
Answers: "Carlton Gebbia","correct":false,"count":"3,230"}]
Answers: "Honey Bee","correct":true,"count":"4,265"
Answers: "Baby Bee","correct":false,"count":"879"
Answers: "Queen Bee","correct":false,"count":"2,227"}]
Answers: "John Carpenter","correct":false,"count":"221"
Answers: "Quentin Tarantino","correct":false,"count":"2,579"
Answers: "Alfred Hitchcock","correct":true,"count":"1,575"}]
Answers: "Phone","correct":false,"count":"642"
Answers: "Wallet","correct":true,"count":"721"
Answers: "Keys","correct":false,"count":"425"}]
Answers: "Margarine","correct":false,"count":"11,158"
Answers: "Mayonnaise","correct":false,"count":"1,458"
Answers: "Milk","correct":true,"count":"108,812"}]
Answers: "IMAX","correct":false,"count":"2,558"
Answers: "3D","correct":true,"count":"119,093"
Answers: "Dolby Surround","correct":false,"count":"227"}]
Answers: "Black hole","correct":true,"count":"115,439"
Answers: "Atomic nucleus","correct":false,"count":"5,797"
Answers: "Bigfoot","correct":false,"count":"526"}]
Answers: "Spain","correct":true,"count":"96,177"
Answers: "Portugal","correct":false,"count":"16,982"
Answers: "Italy","correct":false,"count":"5,590"}]
Answers: "Jimmy Fallon","correct":false,"count":"15,973"
Answers: "Bill Gates","correct":false,"count":"64,806"
Answers: "Harry Styles","correct":true,"count":"32,495"}]
Answers: "Ellipsis","correct":false,"count":"10,616"
Answers: "Asterisk","correct":true,"count":"83,465"
Answers: "Interrobang","correct":false,"count":"6,005"}]
Answers: "Atom","correct":true,"count":"35,577"
Answers: "Gravity","correct":false,"count":"25,368"
Answers: "Star","correct":false,"count":"35,995"}]
Answers: "Veteran’s Day","correct":false,"count":"4,624"
Answers: "Day before Thanksgiving","correct":false,"count":"23,933"
Answers: "Mother’s Day","correct":true,"count":"14,856"}]
Answers: "Cribbage","correct":false,"count":"1,764"
Answers: "Pinochle","correct":true,"count":"7,167"
Answers: "Baccarat","correct":false,"count":"8,557"}]
Answers: "Bosnia & Herzegovina","correct":false,"count":"3,360"
Answers: "Iraq","correct":false,"count":"2,121"
Answers: "Ethiopia","correct":true,"count":"3,092"}]
Answers: "Henry Miller","correct":false,"count":"706"
Answers: "Oscar Wilde","correct":true,"count":"2,589"
Answers: "Victor Hugo","correct":false,"count":"873"}]
Answers: "Pixelbook","correct":false,"count":"375"
Answers: "Surface","correct":true,"count":"1,581"
Answers: "Galaxy Tab","correct":false,"count":"1,001"}]
Answers: "PushUps","correct":false,"count":"14,922"
Answers: "PlayerUnknown","correct":true,"count":"335,375"
Answers: "PastaUnlimited","correct":false,"count":"4,981"}]
Answers: "Ocarina of Time","correct":true,"count":"269,334"
Answers: "Oculus of Befuddlement","correct":false,"count":"8,702"
Answers: "Ocelot of Fate","correct":false,"count":"73,948"}]
Answers: "Simmese","correct":false,"count":"65,428"
Answers: "Simian","correct":false,"count":"107,713"
Answers: "Simlish","correct":true,"count":"175,765"}]
Answers: "Portal 2","correct":false,"count":"79,778"
Answers: "Titanfall 2","correct":true,"count":"216,939"
Answers: "DOTA 2","correct":false,"count":"34,865"}]
Answers: "Pirate ship","correct":true,"count":"196,189"
Answers: "Ninja dojo","correct":false,"count":"48,024"
Answers: "Desert biome","correct":false,"count":"76,347"}]
Answers: "Sonic Drift","correct":true,"count":"224,837"
Answers: "Pac-Man Prix","correct":false,"count":"55,810"
Answers: "Croft Racing","correct":false,"count":"24,553"}]
Answers: "Beyond","correct":true,"count":"101,420"
Answers: "Hostile","correct":false,"count":"44,690"
Answers: "The Dark","correct":false,"count":"139,149"}]
Answers: "Gears of War","correct":false,"count":"9,995"
Answers: "Quantum Break","correct":false,"count":"13,256"
Answers: "Halo","correct":true,"count":"97,070"}]
Answers: "Fortnite","correct":false,"count":"7,498"
Answers: "Kingdom Hearts III","correct":true,"count":"82,651"
Answers: "Monster Hunter: World","correct":false,"count":"7,917"}]
Answers: "Counter-Strike","correct":false,"count":"14,951"
Answers: "StarCraft","correct":true,"count":"54,262"
Answers: "Call of Duty","correct":false,"count":"14,134"}]
Answers: "Grand Theft Auto","correct":true,"count":"52,782"
Answers: "Resident Evil","correct":false,"count":"4,417"
Answers: "Grim Fandango","correct":false,"count":"1,704"}]
Answers: "The Castle Gates","correct":false,"count":"6,102"
Answers: "Totaka’s Song","correct":true,"count":"40,055"
Answers: "Yoshi’s Mood","correct":false,"count":"7,966"}]
Answers: "The Carlton","correct":false,"count":"9,240"
Answers: "Whip / Nae Nae","correct":false,"count":"15,339"
Answers: "Vogue","correct":true,"count":"17,063"}]
Answers: "DOTA 2","correct":false,"count":"1,770"
Answers: "Gigantic","correct":false,"count":"1,803"
Answers: "League of Legends","correct":true,"count":"22,335"}]
Answers: "Kirby","correct":false,"count":"9,540"
Answers: "Cloud","correct":true,"count":"5,050"
Answers: "Marth","correct":false,"count":"7,833"}]
Answers: "Righty-tighty","correct":true,"count":"282,738"
Answers: "Tighty-whiteys","correct":false,"count":"9,401"
Answers: "Nighty-lighty","correct":false,"count":"2,773"}]
Answers: "Bonobo","correct":false,"count":"11,582"
Answers: "Iguana","correct":true,"count":"279,940"
Answers: "Dolphin","correct":false,"count":"8,389"}]
Answers: "Boater","correct":false,"count":"65,448"
Answers: "Pillbox","correct":true,"count":"163,953"
Answers: "Bowler","correct":false,"count":"62,919"}]
Answers: "Tempeh","correct":false,"count":"48,396"
Answers: "Mochi","correct":true,"count":"136,291"
Answers: "Edamame","correct":false,"count":"93,716"}]
Answers: "Liver","correct":false,"count":"36,208"
Answers: "Tongue","correct":true,"count":"103,407"
Answers: "Stomach","correct":false,"count":"125,459"}]
Answers: "Helicopter","correct":false,"count":"41,933"
Answers: "Robot","correct":true,"count":"144,642"
Answers: "Running man","correct":false,"count":"58,729"}]
Answers: "Missouri","correct":true,"count":"141,156"
Answers: "Yukon","correct":false,"count":"23,088"
Answers: "Rio Grande","correct":false,"count":"63,970"}]
Answers: "Robert Downey Jr.","correct":false,"count":"26,291"
Answers: "Joaquin Phoenix","correct":false,"count":"41,554"
Answers: "Ben Affleck","correct":true,"count":"77,432"}]
Answers: "Five-run grand slam","correct":false,"count":"11,971"
Answers: "Four-out half-inning","correct":true,"count":"22,547"
Answers: "Four-strike at-bat","correct":false,"count":"39,909"}]
Answers: "Ecologist","correct":false,"count":"6,625"
Answers: "Mathematician","correct":true,"count":"8,986"
Answers: "Chemist","correct":false,"count":"18,484"}]
Answers: "Legal drama","correct":false,"count":"1,389"
Answers: "Hidden camera","correct":false,"count":"2,195"
Answers: "Game show","correct":true,"count":"8,829"}]
Answers: "Audrey Hepburn","correct":false,"count":"448"
Answers: "Marilyn Monroe","correct":false,"count":"1,304"
Answers: "Betty Grable","correct":true,"count":"7,923"}]
Answers: "Blefuscu","correct":true,"count":"2,776"
Answers: "Brobdingnag","correct":false,"count":"3,723"
Answers: "Balnibarbi","correct":false,"count":"1,524"}]
Answers: "Saint Martin","correct":true,"count":"3,436"
Answers: "Sint Eustatius","correct":false,"count":"177"
Answers: "Saint Kitts","correct":false,"count":"611"}]
Answers: "Honor","correct":true,"count":"835"
Answers: "Politics","correct":false,"count":"1,128"
Answers: "Love","correct":false,"count":"1,552"}]
Answers: "Goliath","correct":false,"count":"22,374"
Answers: "David","correct":true,"count":"267,201"
Answers: "Carl","correct":false,"count":"2,144"}]
Answers: "Waiting","correct":false,"count":"26,197"
Answers: "Hoping","correct":false,"count":"27,093"
Answers: "Spitting","correct":true,"count":"242,526"}]
Answers: "Denmark","correct":true,"count":"226,375"
Answers: "Russia","correct":false,"count":"54,009"
Answers: "Mexico","correct":false,"count":"7,856"}]
Answers: "Overflow","correct":false,"count":"26,017"
Answers: "Price","correct":false,"count":"69,541"
Answers: "Initial","correct":true,"count":"186,083"}]
Answers: "Lysosome","correct":false,"count":"80,723"
Answers: "Schwinn","correct":false,"count":"85,221"
Answers: "Stapes","correct":true,"count":"105,354"}]
Answers: "Tobacco","correct":false,"count":"94,295"
Answers: "Tomato","correct":false,"count":"65,400"
Answers: "Cauliflower","correct":true,"count":"90,535"}]
Answers: "Snow","correct":false,"count":"10,966"
Answers: "Fog","correct":true,"count":"125,213"
Answers: "Hail","correct":false,"count":"76,383"}]
Answers: "Timbuktu","correct":false,"count":"51,921"
Answers: "Benin","correct":true,"count":"45,515"
Answers: "Lesotho","correct":false,"count":"31,766"}]
Answers: "Greenpeace","correct":true,"count":"33,207"
Answers: "Red Cross","correct":false,"count":"6,309"
Answers: "UNICEF","correct":false,"count":"9,527"}]
Answers: "Mabel Meows","correct":false,"count":"1,983"
Answers: "Quilliam Smith","correct":false,"count":"4,146"
Answers: "Bustopher Jones","correct":true,"count":"29,267"}]
Answers: "Cardboard box","correct":true,"count":"26,039"
Answers: "Disposable diaper pack","correct":false,"count":"1,104"
Answers: "Stroller","correct":false,"count":"2,802"}]
Answers: "Clowns","correct":false,"count":"780"
Answers: "Cabernet","correct":true,"count":"20,744"
Answers: "Blood","correct":false,"count":"4,331"}]
Answers: "Jet D’Eau","correct":false,"count":"219"
Answers: "Bellagio","correct":false,"count":"1,136"
Answers: "Trevi","correct":true,"count":"20,922"}]
Answers: "Ethiopia","correct":false,"count":"15,030"
Answers: "Algeria","correct":false,"count":"505"
Answers: "Nigeria","correct":true,"count":"5,494"}]
Answers: "Robert E. Lee","correct":false,"count":"3,727"
Answers: "Oliver Cromwell","correct":false,"count":"2,419"
Answers: "Muhammad","correct":true,"count":"5,816"}]
Answers: "Bottomless brunch","correct":false,"count":"10,297"
Answers: "100 duck-sized dragons","correct":false,"count":"6,893"
Answers: "Fire","correct":true,"count":"312,804"}]
Answers: "Moon door","correct":true,"count":"282,592"
Answers: "Star child","correct":false,"count":"31,738"
Answers: "Sun roof","correct":false,"count":"17,904"}]
Answers: "Stannis","correct":true,"count":"147,982"
Answers: "Robb","correct":false,"count":"25,572"
Answers: "Samwell","correct":false,"count":"154,074"}]
Answers: "Beric","correct":false,"count":"38,200"
Answers: "Jon Snow","correct":false,"count":"23,384"
Answers: "Catelyn","correct":true,"count":"235,551"}]
Answers: "Ellaria","correct":false,"count":"42,192"
Answers: "Daario","correct":false,"count":"94,587"
Answers: "Tommen","correct":true,"count":"147,634"}]
Answers: "Her place of birth","correct":false,"count":"40,960"
Answers: "Her name","correct":false,"count":"107,999"
Answers: "Her father","correct":true,"count":"120,132"}]
Answers: "Vampire Weekend","correct":false,"count":"34,359"
Answers: "Arctic Monkeys","correct":false,"count":"71,921"
Answers: "Sigur Ros","correct":true,"count":"122,339"}]
Answers: "Aegon","correct":true,"count":"106,519"
Answers: "Aemon","correct":false,"count":"16,750"
Answers: "Rhaegar","correct":false,"count":"13,214"}]
Answers: "Oberyn Martell","correct":false,"count":"20,146"
Answers: "The Hound","correct":true,"count":"46,740"
Answers: "Bronn","correct":false,"count":"41,604"}]
Answers: "Have no rest","correct":false,"count":"3,444"
Answers: "Wear no crowns","correct":true,"count":"51,836"
Answers: "Take no pay","correct":false,"count":"14,161"}]
Answers: "Sunspear","correct":false,"count":"2,768"
Answers: "Iron Bank","correct":true,"count":"47,334"
Answers: "Oldtown","correct":false,"count":"4,245"}]
Answers: "Bronn","correct":true,"count":"42,420"
Answers: "Tormund","correct":false,"count":"3,704"
Answers: "Jaime","correct":false,"count":"1,996"}]
Answers: "Margaery","correct":false,"count":"1,997"
Answers: "Tommen","correct":false,"count":"6,379"
Answers: "Lancel","correct":true,"count":"33,688"}]
Answers: "Cersei","correct":true,"count":"12,035"
Answers: "Jon Snow","correct":false,"count":"13,498"
Answers: "Daenerys","correct":false,"count":"7,537"}]
Answers: "Winterfell","correct":false,"count":"7,190"
Answers: "The Wall","correct":true,"count":"6,921"
Answers: "Craster’s Keep","correct":false,"count":"5,487"}]
Answers: "Brooks","correct":false,"count":"19,531"
Answers: "Hanson","correct":true,"count":"70,368"
Answers: "Primanti","correct":false,"count":"5,992"}]
Answers: "Charles Barkley","correct":false,"count":"20,319"
Answers: "Larry Bird","correct":false,"count":"15,882"
Answers: "Magic Johnson","correct":true,"count":"58,072"}]
Answers: "Split decision","correct":true,"count":"38,759"
Answers: "Unanimous decision","correct":false,"count":"21,672"
Answers: "Knockout","correct":false,"count":"25,062"}]
Answers: "Purdue","correct":false,"count":"22,444"
Answers: "Michigan State","correct":false,"count":"22,602"
Answers: "Georgia Tech","correct":true,"count":"40,353"}]
Answers: "Michigan","correct":false,"count":"7,360"
Answers: "Wisconsin","correct":true,"count":"39,265"
Answers: "Illinois","correct":false,"count":"36,054"}]
Answers: "Dillon","correct":false,"count":"11,744"
Answers: "Plano","correct":false,"count":"13,476"
Answers: "Odessa","correct":true,"count":"50,213"}]
Answers: "Los Angeles","correct":false,"count":"15,186"
Answers: "Miami","correct":true,"count":"52,950"
Answers: "Washington DC","correct":false,"count":"3,693"}]
Answers: "Barcelona","correct":false,"count":"19,449"
Answers: "LA Clippers","correct":true,"count":"15,130"
Answers: "LA Sparks","correct":false,"count":"18,569"}]
Answers: "Fenway Park","correct":false,"count":"4,244"
Answers: "Yankee Stadium","correct":true,"count":"4,392"
Answers: "Wrigley Field","correct":false,"count":"10,365"}]
Answers: "Switch","correct":false,"count":"1,737"
Answers: "Left-handed","correct":false,"count":"3,416"
Answers: "Right-handed","correct":true,"count":"1,512"}]
Answers: "Will Ferrell","correct":false,"count":"471"
Answers: "Sacha Baron Cohen","correct":false,"count":"654"
Answers: "John C. Reilly","correct":true,"count":"1,264"}]
Answers: "The Masters","correct":true,"count":"762"
Answers: "PGA Championship","correct":false,"count":"229"
Answers: "US Open","correct":false,"count":"427"}]
Answers: "Gradual Thaw","correct":false,"count":"19,938"
Answers: "Heat","correct":true,"count":"343,934"
Answers: "Sizzler","correct":false,"count":"23,586"}]
Answers: "Jacob Tremblay","correct":false,"count":"23,676"
Answers: "Nicolas Cage","correct":true,"count":"356,067"
Answers: "Daniel Radcliffe","correct":false,"count":"21,080"}]
Answers: "The Next Karate Kid","correct":false,"count":"37,343"
Answers: "3 Ninjas","correct":true,"count":"244,938"
Answers: "The Little Rascals","correct":false,"count":"109,106"}]
Answers: "Saving Private Ryan","correct":false,"count":"88,835"
Answers: "Apollo 13","correct":false,"count":"56,869"
Answers: "Philadelphia","correct":true,"count":"230,312"}]
Answers: "John Lithgow","correct":false,"count":"70,110"
Answers: "Tim Curry","correct":true,"count":"191,101"
Answers: "Gary Oldman","correct":false,"count":"95,444"}]
Answers: "Tinkerhell","correct":true,"count":"225,820"
Answers: "Ghoulia","correct":false,"count":"72,471"
Answers: "J-money","correct":false,"count":"32,839"}]
Answers: "Sabrina Spellman","correct":true,"count":"101,119"
Answers: "Steve Urkel","correct":false,"count":"108,772"
Answers: "DJ Tanner","correct":false,"count":"86,077"}]
Answers: "Music of the Heart","correct":true,"count":"29,581"
Answers: "Candyman","correct":false,"count":"61,465"
Answers: "The Faculty","correct":false,"count":"44,935"}]
Answers: "Reese Witherspoon","correct":false,"count":"32,165"
Answers: "Sarah Michelle Gellar","correct":false,"count":"5,624"
Answers: "Neither","correct":true,"count":"6,117"}]
Answers: "She’s All That","correct":true,"count":"8,398"
Answers: "Never Been Kissed","correct":false,"count":"2,028"
Answers: "Jawbreaker","correct":false,"count":"1,997"}]
Answers: "Twister","correct":true,"count":"4,751"
Answers: "Mars Attacks!","correct":false,"count":"1,177"
Answers: "Clerks","correct":false,"count":"2,918"}]
Answers: "All the Small Things","correct":false,"count":"769"
Answers: "Pretty Fly","correct":true,"count":"2,803"
Answers: "Basket Case","correct":false,"count":"1,478"}]
Answers: "Kevin Smith","correct":true,"count":"2,250"
Answers: "Wes Anderson","correct":false,"count":"274"
Answers: "Vincent Gallo","correct":false,"count":"388"}]
Answers: "Trainspotting","correct":true,"count":"723"
Answers: "Dazed and Confused","correct":false,"count":"252"
Answers: "Empire Records","correct":false,"count":"1,292"}]
Answers: "Songs","correct":true,"count":"435"
Answers: "Child actors","correct":false,"count":"158"
Answers: "Period setting","correct":false,"count":"195"}]
Answers: "Something blue","correct":true,"count":"127,979"
Answers: "Something chewed","correct":false,"count":"1,639"
Answers: "Something rude","correct":false,"count":"768"}]
Answers: "Beatles / Rolling Stones","correct":false,"count":"3,913"
Answers: "Ariana Grande / NSYNC","correct":true,"count":"114,038"
Answers: "Madonna / Britney Spears","correct":false,"count":"12,072"}]
Answers: "Comb","correct":false,"count":"922"
Answers: "Flat iron","correct":true,"count":"125,596"
Answers: "Velcro rollers","correct":false,"count":"1,782"}]
Answers: "Green","correct":false,"count":"16,195"
Answers: "Black","correct":true,"count":"103,547"
Answers: "White","correct":false,"count":"7,121"}]
Answers: "Prime minister","correct":true,"count":"93,539"
Answers: "Bodyguard","correct":false,"count":"20,825"
Answers: "Footman","correct":false,"count":"7,612"}]
Answers: "Paul Klee","correct":false,"count":"23,446"
Answers: "Piet Mondrian","correct":true,"count":"80,720"
Answers: "Jasper Johns","correct":false,"count":"16,223"}]
Answers: "Baby I Love Your Way","correct":false,"count":"11,029"
Answers: "Stay (I Missed You)","correct":false,"count":"9,186"
Answers: "My Sharona","correct":true,"count":"90,427"}]
Answers: "George Bernard Shaw","correct":true,"count":"42,945"
Answers: "Bertolt Brecht","correct":false,"count":"30,277"
Answers: "Aaron Sorkin","correct":false,"count":"16,090"}]
Answers: "Charles Barkley","correct":true,"count":"30,579"
Answers: "Scottie Pippen","correct":false,"count":"3,096"
Answers: "Michael Jordan","correct":false,"count":"12,142"}]
Answers: "Ferris Bueller","correct":false,"count":"2,408"
Answers: "The Men in Black","correct":false,"count":"5,585"
Answers: "The Dude","correct":true,"count":"22,423"}]
Answers: "Ronald Reagan","correct":false,"count":"3,461"
Answers: "George HW Bush","correct":true,"count":"14,350"
Answers: "Bill Clinton","correct":false,"count":"5,444"}]
Answers: "Apple TV","correct":false,"count":"3,790"
Answers: "Black turtleneck","correct":false,"count":"5,184"
Answers: "Apple Watch","correct":true,"count":"6,949"}]
Answers: "Yawn","correct":true,"count":"325,358"
Answers: "Sneeze","correct":false,"count":"3,113"
Answers: "Burp","correct":false,"count":"569"}]
Answers: "Grassland","correct":false,"count":"3,751"
Answers: "Desert","correct":true,"count":"329,398"
Answers: "Rainforest","correct":false,"count":"3,217"}]
Answers: "Manatees","correct":false,"count":"62,517"
Answers: "Aardvarks","correct":false,"count":"146,577"
Answers: "Bumblebees","correct":true,"count":"120,063"}]
Answers: "Vatican City","correct":false,"count":"22,270"
Answers: "Kuwait City","correct":false,"count":"15,363"
Answers: "Guatemala City","correct":true,"count":"273,896"}]
Answers: "Cinnamon bun","correct":true,"count":"71,897"
Answers: "Warm soup","correct":false,"count":"141,916"
Answers: "Fish and chips","correct":false,"count":"88,447"}]
Answers: "FreezeFrame","correct":false,"count":"79,177"
Answers: "SnapTap","correct":false,"count":"31,344"
Answers: "QuickTake","correct":true,"count":"171,590"}]
Answers: "Mark Twain","correct":false,"count":"69,195"
Answers: "Ernest Hemingway","correct":true,"count":"157,270"
Answers: "William Strunk","correct":false,"count":"23,430"}]
Answers: "Jennifer Garner","correct":false,"count":"67,427"
Answers: "Victor Garber","correct":false,"count":"30,264"
Answers: "Bradley Cooper","correct":true,"count":"66,067"}]
Answers: "Pakistan","correct":true,"count":"44,810"
Answers: "Iran","correct":false,"count":"20,863"
Answers: "Afghanistan","correct":false,"count":"11,936"}]
Answers: "Mom","correct":false,"count":"7,782"
Answers: "Sister","correct":false,"count":"18,687"
Answers: "Wife","correct":true,"count":"21,295"}]
Answers: "The Sound of Music","correct":false,"count":"7,107"
Answers: "The Wizard of Oz","correct":false,"count":"8,260"
Answers: "My Fair Lady","correct":true,"count":"10,305"}]
Answers: "Pagan","correct":false,"count":"2,001"
Answers: "Urban","correct":false,"count":"4,031"
Answers: "Pomeranian","correct":true,"count":"7,243"}]
Answers: "Latvia","correct":false,"count":"816"
Answers: "Croatia","correct":false,"count":"1,953"
Answers: "Sweden","correct":true,"count":"5,587"}]
Answers: "Best Action Movie","correct":false,"count":"234"
Answers: "Lifetime Achievement","correct":true,"count":"5,132"
Answers: "Best Monster","correct":false,"count":"561"}]
Answers: "Phideas Fogg","correct":false,"count":"964"
Answers: "Phineas Fogg","correct":false,"count":"1,204"
Answers: "Phileas Fogg","correct":true,"count":"3,011"}]
Answers: "Love Bug","correct":false,"count":"2,081"
Answers: "Pace car","correct":true,"count":"87,459"
Answers: "Rocket booster","correct":false,"count":"941"}]
Answers: "Assists","correct":true,"count":"54,258"
Answers: "Points","correct":false,"count":"19,722"
Answers: "Turnovers","correct":false,"count":"15,837"}]
Answers: "Masters","correct":false,"count":"12,270"
Answers: "US Open","correct":true,"count":"48,452"
Answers: "PGA Championship","correct":false,"count":"26,508"}]
Answers: "Winnipeg Jets","correct":false,"count":"4,837"
Answers: "Tampa Bay Lightning","correct":true,"count":"65,374"
Answers: "Washington Capitals","correct":false,"count":"14,420"}]
Answers: "Soccer","correct":true,"count":"52,657"
Answers: "Mixed martial arts","correct":false,"count":"10,563"
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"18,221"}]
Answers: "Todd Hundley","correct":false,"count":"7,723"
Answers: "Adam Dunn","correct":false,"count":"10,956"
Answers: "Chris Davis","correct":true,"count":"59,547"}]
Answers: "New York","correct":true,"count":"33,426"
Answers: "France","correct":false,"count":"21,225"
Answers: "England","correct":false,"count":"21,172"}]
Answers: "Los Angeles Dodgers","correct":false,"count":"8,083"
Answers: "Oakland Athletics","correct":true,"count":"15,331"
Answers: "New York Yankees","correct":false,"count":"15,420"}]
Answers: "UFC","correct":true,"count":"12,889"
Answers: "British Open","correct":false,"count":"2,296"
Answers: "Men’s Wimbledon","correct":false,"count":"1,733"}]
Answers: "Corliss Williamson","correct":true,"count":"5,832"
Answers: "Joakim Noah","correct":false,"count":"2,528"
Answers: "Shaquille O’Neal","correct":false,"count":"4,608"}]
Answers: "New York Giants","correct":true,"count":"4,027"
Answers: "New England Patriots","correct":false,"count":"1,060"
Answers: "Pittsburgh Steelers","correct":false,"count":"1,766"}]
Answers: "Women’s soccer","correct":false,"count":"1,032"
Answers: "Men’s wrestling","correct":true,"count":"1,562"
Answers: "Men’s volleyball","correct":false,"count":"2,062"}]
Answers: "No Diggity","correct":true,"count":"326,181"
Answers: "Yes Diggity","correct":false,"count":"32,588"
Answers: "Maybe a Lil Diggity","correct":false,"count":"6,833"}]
Answers: "Destiny’s Child","correct":true,"count":"364,960"
Answers: "En Vogue","correct":false,"count":"3,706"
Answers: "TLC","correct":false,"count":"6,898"}]
Answers: "I’m a Barbie girl","correct":true,"count":"342,355"
Answers: "The Vengabus is coming","correct":false,"count":"7,843"
Answers: "If you steal my sunshine","correct":false,"count":"18,404"}]
Answers: "Ironic","correct":true,"count":"264,275"
Answers: "Torn","correct":false,"count":"43,825"
Answers: "Nothing Compares 2 U","correct":false,"count":"58,190"}]
Answers: "Eminem","correct":false,"count":"33,191"
Answers: "Oasis","correct":false,"count":"75,946"
Answers: "Beck","correct":true,"count":"240,851"}]
Answers: "Insulting the label head","correct":false,"count":"65,910"
Answers: "Destroying a glass table","correct":false,"count":"91,126"
Answers: "Starting a food fight","correct":true,"count":"160,157"}]
Answers: "Get a tattoo","correct":false,"count":"35,321"
Answers: "Pierce her belly button","correct":false,"count":"59,887"
Answers: "Dye her hair","correct":true,"count":"190,089"}]
Answers: "Spice Girls","correct":true,"count":"117,115"
Answers: "NSYNC","correct":false,"count":"35,785"
Answers: "S Club 7","correct":false,"count":"50,665"}]
Answers: "Intergalactic","correct":false,"count":"17,051"
Answers: "No Sleep Till Brooklyn","correct":false,"count":"36,365"
Answers: "Sabotage","correct":true,"count":"69,492"}]
Answers: "Polka dots","correct":false,"count":"31,738"
Answers: "Crop top","correct":false,"count":"18,054"
Answers: "Plaid shirt","correct":true,"count":"30,332"}]
Answers: "Pearl Jam","correct":false,"count":"8,606"
Answers: "Radiohead","correct":true,"count":"29,151"
Answers: "Aerosmith","correct":false,"count":"3,204"}]
Answers: "Whiskey","correct":true,"count":"19,553"
Answers: "Tequila","correct":false,"count":"3,233"
Answers: "Gin","correct":false,"count":"8,521"}]
Answers: "His cat","correct":true,"count":"19,577"
Answers: "The president","correct":false,"count":"530"
Answers: "Your mom","correct":false,"count":"2,157"}]
Answers: "Doo Wop (That Thing)","correct":false,"count":"2,672"
Answers: "Virtual Insanity","correct":false,"count":"2,901"
Answers: "Oops!... I Did It Again","correct":true,"count":"13,881"}]
Answers: "Spanish leather","correct":false,"count":"3,418"
Answers: "French beverage","correct":false,"count":"3,198"
Answers: "Italian sportswear","correct":true,"count":"8,404"}]
Answers: "Top","correct":true,"count":"110,633"
Answers: "Bottom","correct":false,"count":"4,371"
Answers: "Neither","correct":false,"count":"9,501"}]
Answers: "Kerning","correct":false,"count":"1,590"
Answers: "Churning","correct":true,"count":"121,840"
Answers: "Yearning","correct":false,"count":"919"}]
Answers: "Dance","correct":true,"count":"120,510"
Answers: "Yoga","correct":false,"count":"1,785"
Answers: "Stationary biking","correct":false,"count":"933"}]
Answers: "Daenerys Targaryen","correct":false,"count":"13,011"
Answers: "Bran Stark","correct":true,"count":"92,015"
Answers: "Tyrion Lannister","correct":false,"count":"17,169"}]
Answers: "Autobahn","correct":true,"count":"100,673"
Answers: "Pacific Coast Highway","correct":false,"count":"2,680"
Answers: "Route 66","correct":false,"count":"15,304"}]
Answers: "DailyGrace","correct":false,"count":"10,501"
Answers: "Jenny4U","correct":false,"count":"22,155"
Answers: "Lonelygirl15","correct":true,"count":"80,727"}]
Answers: "Sheep / Wolf","correct":false,"count":"15,849"
Answers: "Dog / Cow","correct":true,"count":"38,495"
Answers: "Cat / Mouse","correct":false,"count":"50,002"}]
Answers: "Nepal","correct":true,"count":"34,234"
Answers: "Tibet","correct":false,"count":"6,087"
Answers: "Mongolia","correct":false,"count":"10,001"}]
Answers: "Taliesin West","correct":true,"count":"8,624"
Answers: "Royal Ontario Museum","correct":false,"count":"4,173"
Answers: "Sydney Opera House","correct":false,"count":"22,119"}]
Answers: "Richard Nixon","correct":false,"count":"1,408"
Answers: "George Bush","correct":false,"count":"1,506"
Answers: "John Adams","correct":true,"count":"9,580"}]
Answers: "Queen Elizabeth II","correct":false,"count":"671"
Answers: "Queen Elizabeth I","correct":false,"count":"1,382"
Answers: "Elizabeth, Queen Mother","correct":true,"count":"7,874"}]
Answers: "Maroon 5","correct":false,"count":"2,552"
Answers: "Scissor Sisters","correct":true,"count":"3,415"
Answers: "The Killers","correct":false,"count":"2,226"}]
Answers: "Petunia","correct":true,"count":"323,410"
Answers: "Post Malone","correct":false,"count":"14,108"
Answers: "Pneumonia","correct":false,"count":"10,635"}]
Answers: "Chonky Monkeys","correct":false,"count":"81,025"
Answers: "Millennial Pink Parrots","correct":false,"count":"25,558"
Answers: "Orange Iguanas","correct":true,"count":"239,349"}]
Answers: "Heart","correct":false,"count":"97,406"
Answers: "Dearest","correct":false,"count":"28,259"
Answers: "Darling","correct":true,"count":"221,689"}]
Answers: "Olmec’s Temple","correct":false,"count":"103,114"
Answers: "Physical Challenge","correct":false,"count":"39,681"
Answers: "Aggro Crag","correct":true,"count":"190,003"}]
Answers: "The dirtiest day ever","correct":false,"count":"53,311"
Answers: "A very dangerous day","correct":true,"count":"168,375"
Answers: "Worst day of the week","correct":false,"count":"94,483"}]
Answers: "Orange juice concentrate","correct":false,"count":"44,828"
Answers: "Kool-Aid","correct":false,"count":"118,658"
Answers: "Pudding","correct":true,"count":"125,242"}]
Answers: "Shooting electricity","correct":false,"count":"71,508"
Answers: "Teleportation","correct":true,"count":"105,862"
Answers: "Telekinesis","correct":false,"count":"69,224"}]
Answers: "Donnie Darko","correct":false,"count":"34,020"
Answers: "The Notebook","correct":true,"count":"66,987"
Answers: "A Star Is Born","correct":false,"count":"27,659"}]
Answers: "Cheese Police","correct":false,"count":"15,680"
Answers: "The UBS Guy","correct":true,"count":"49,961"
Answers: "Loud Librarian","correct":false,"count":"7,910"}]
Answers: "Giraffe’s tongue","correct":true,"count":"32,055"
Answers: "George Michael","correct":false,"count":"4,763"
Answers: "Pituitary gland","correct":false,"count":"13,413"}]
Answers: "The Wild Thornberrys","correct":false,"count":"3,012"
Answers: "CatDog","correct":false,"count":"13,570"
Answers: "The Angry Beavers","correct":true,"count":"18,069"}]
Answers: "Kiki","correct":false,"count":"9,040"
Answers: "Sam","correct":false,"count":"9,857"
Answers: "Betty Ann","correct":true,"count":"2,166"}]
Answers: "New Jersey","correct":false,"count":"4,341"
Answers: "Pacific Northwest","correct":true,"count":"682"
Answers: "New England","correct":false,"count":"1,026"}]
Answers: "SpongeBob / Stimpy","correct":false,"count":"234"
Answers: "Oblina / Chuckie","correct":true,"count":"516"
Answers: "Doug / Daggett","correct":false,"count":"263"}]
Answers: "Pete Seeger","correct":false,"count":"168"
Answers: "Johnny Mathis","correct":false,"count":"96"
Answers: "Burl Ives","correct":true,"count":"291"}]
Answers: "The Noid","correct":false,"count":"3,468"
Answers: "Queen Elizabeth II","correct":true,"count":"306,303"
Answers: "Señor Wences","correct":false,"count":"2,345"}]
Answers: "The lawyer","correct":false,"count":"3,720"
Answers: "The doctor","correct":true,"count":"308,618"
Answers: "The dentist","correct":false,"count":"3,372"}]
Answers: "Sudan","correct":true,"count":"239,279"
Answers: "Madagascar","correct":false,"count":"43,695"
Answers: "South Africa","correct":false,"count":"29,534"}]
Answers: "Sudoku","correct":false,"count":"13,838"
Answers: "KenKen","correct":false,"count":"102,064"
Answers: "Jumble","correct":true,"count":"179,437"}]
Answers: "Bacon","correct":false,"count":"18,733"
Answers: "Canadian bacon","correct":false,"count":"27,634"
Answers: "Cheese curds","correct":true,"count":"240,150"}]
Answers: "Like a magnet do","correct":true,"count":"226,098"
Answers: "While we wait in queue","correct":false,"count":"13,550"
Answers: "Never say adieu","correct":false,"count":"16,869"}]
Answers: "Twilight","correct":false,"count":"30,376"
Answers: "Jason Bourne","correct":false,"count":"73,992"
Answers: "Mission: Impossible","correct":true,"count":"156,815"}]
Answers: "Wisconsin","correct":false,"count":"68,040"
Answers: "Minnesota","correct":true,"count":"75,880"
Answers: "Michigan","correct":false,"count":"31,669"}]
Answers: "John Adams","correct":true,"count":"41,481"
Answers: "Aaron Burr","correct":false,"count":"18,666"
Answers: "Martin Van Buren","correct":false,"count":"25,808"}]
Answers: "The Harder They Come","correct":true,"count":"21,065"
Answers: "Ride the Lightning","correct":false,"count":"8,286"
Answers: "British Steel","correct":false,"count":"17,063"}]
Answers: "Oslo","correct":true,"count":"12,859"
Answers: "Athens","correct":false,"count":"4,766"
Answers: "Rome","correct":false,"count":"7,018"}]
Answers: "Kyle Long","correct":false,"count":"284"
Answers: "Bo Jackson","correct":false,"count":"4,067"
Answers: "Deion Sanders","correct":true,"count":"10,394"}]
Answers: "Stage","correct":false,"count":"720"
Answers: "Radio","correct":true,"count":"7,174"
Answers: "Print","correct":false,"count":"3,129"}]
Answers: "Guthrie","correct":true,"count":"4,007"
Answers: "Portland","correct":false,"count":"921"
Answers: "Natchez","correct":false,"count":"2,705"}]
Answers: "Winnie the Pooh","correct":false,"count":"1,039"
Answers: "Gus Gus","correct":true,"count":"2,625"
Answers: "Cheshire Cat","correct":false,"count":"1,216"}]
Answers: "Feline","correct":true,"count":"280,190"
Answers: "Flatworm","correct":false,"count":"2,620"
Answers: "Fungal spore","correct":false,"count":"1,601"}]
Answers: "Lord Pudding","correct":false,"count":"3,948"
Answers: "Dr. Bangers","correct":false,"count":"5,662"
Answers: "Mr. Bean","correct":true,"count":"277,180"}]
Answers: "x ^ y","correct":false,"count":"14,563"
Answers: "x * y","correct":false,"count":"6,040"
Answers: "x / y","correct":true,"count":"261,174"}]
Answers: "Connection","correct":false,"count":"12,182"
Answers: "Knowledge","correct":false,"count":"194,838"
Answers: "Quick","correct":true,"count":"71,985"}]
Answers: "Ignorant","correct":true,"count":"70,278"
Answers: "Honored","correct":false,"count":"128,353"
Answers: "Dignified","correct":false,"count":"55,086"}]
Answers: "Gaseous atmosphere","correct":false,"count":"41,442"
Answers: "Only one moon","correct":true,"count":"163,749"
Answers: "Polar ice caps","correct":false,"count":"29,851"}]
Answers: "Belize / El Salvador","correct":true,"count":"94,049"
Answers: "Florida / Honduras","correct":false,"count":"51,489"
Answers: "Peru / Uruguay","correct":false,"count":"64,383"}]
Answers: "Lumber","correct":false,"count":"7,922"
Answers: "Coal","correct":false,"count":"16,734"
Answers: "Steel","correct":true,"count":"84,980"}]
Answers: "Duds","correct":false,"count":"22,529"
Answers: "Flops","correct":true,"count":"51,312"
Answers: "Bombs","correct":false,"count":"8,908"}]
Answers: "Baton Rouge","correct":false,"count":"5,286"
Answers: "Jackson","correct":true,"count":"27,151"
Answers: "St. Paul","correct":false,"count":"18,443"}]
Answers: "Pac-Pin","correct":false,"count":"1,330"
Answers: "Pac-Man’s Pinball Land","correct":false,"count":"4,521"
Answers: "Baby Pac-Man","correct":true,"count":"26,749"}]
Answers: "Frequency","correct":true,"count":"25,996"
Answers: "Capacitance","correct":false,"count":"843"
Answers: "Charge","correct":false,"count":"742"}]
Answers: "Langston Hughes","correct":false,"count":"3,790"
Answers: "James Baldwin","correct":true,"count":"18,899"
Answers: "Toni Morrison","correct":false,"count":"2,945"}]
Answers: "Astana","correct":false,"count":"593"
Answers: "Ulaanbaatar","correct":true,"count":"13,862"
Answers: "Bishkek","correct":false,"count":"5,824"}]
Answers: "Mark Knopfler","correct":false,"count":"4,822"
Answers: "Madonna","correct":false,"count":"3,310"
Answers: "Greg Kihn","correct":true,"count":"7,175"}]
Answers: "Minion","correct":false,"count":"1,202"
Answers: "Animal","correct":true,"count":"223,870"
Answers: "Sandwich","correct":false,"count":"701"}]
Answers: "The physically imposing","correct":false,"count":"13,408"
Answers: "The super fresh","correct":false,"count":"2,795"
Answers: "The meek","correct":true,"count":"210,783"}]
Answers: "Myrrh","correct":true,"count":"212,727"
Answers: "Rose gold","correct":false,"count":"1,664"
Answers: "Silver","correct":false,"count":"10,297"}]
Answers: "Doubting","correct":true,"count":"177,817"
Answers: "Trusting","correct":false,"count":"15,263"
Answers: "Wise","correct":false,"count":"28,226"}]
Answers: "Adam rejoiced.","correct":false,"count":"10,395"
Answers: "Moses rose.","correct":false,"count":"4,917"
Answers: "Jesus wept.","correct":true,"count":"194,782"}]
Answers: "Corn field","correct":true,"count":"160,077"
Answers: "Mustard seed","correct":false,"count":"35,881"
Answers: "Fig tree","correct":false,"count":"11,460"}]
Answers: "Isaac","correct":false,"count":"49,029"
Answers: "Moses","correct":true,"count":"104,817"
Answers: "John the Baptist","correct":false,"count":"36,253"}]
Answers: "Jericho","correct":true,"count":"80,066"
Answers: "Jerusalem","correct":false,"count":"29,379"
Answers: "Bethlehem","correct":false,"count":"10,737"}]
Answers: "Darkness","correct":false,"count":"11,368"
Answers: "Locusts","correct":false,"count":"57,473"
Answers: "Lice","correct":true,"count":"17,708"}]
Answers: "Turning water into wine","correct":false,"count":"2,529"
Answers: "Walking on water","correct":false,"count":"14,183"
Answers: "Feeding the multitudes","correct":true,"count":"13,298"}]
Answers: "Joanna","correct":true,"count":"5,711"
Answers: "Phoebe","correct":false,"count":"779"
Answers: "Martha","correct":false,"count":"9,775"}]
Answers: "Colossus","correct":true,"count":"5,899"
Answers: "Behemoth","correct":false,"count":"343"
Answers: "Leviathan","correct":false,"count":"401"}]
Answers: "Jordan River","correct":true,"count":"5,217"
Answers: "Red Sea","correct":false,"count":"441"
Answers: "Euphrates River","correct":false,"count":"257"}]
Answers: "Horse","correct":false,"count":"100"
Answers: "Elephant","correct":false,"count":"201"
Answers: "Lion","correct":true,"count":"4,958"}]
Answers: "An eye for an eye","correct":false,"count":"3,107"
Answers: "Love is blind","correct":false,"count":"483"
Answers: "Eat, drink, and be merry","correct":true,"count":"1,367"}]
Answers: "Plushy Pals","correct":false,"count":"3,626"
Answers: "Fluffy Fellas","correct":false,"count":"3,246"
Answers: "Beanie Babies","correct":true,"count":"351,154"}]
Answers: "Shake Weight","correct":false,"count":"20,243"
Answers: "Thighmaster","correct":true,"count":"317,619"
Answers: "Buns of Steel","correct":false,"count":"24,536"}]
Answers: "Recipes","correct":false,"count":"5,883"
Answers: "Books","correct":false,"count":"11,782"
Answers: "Music","correct":true,"count":"339,748"}]
Answers: "Pamplemousse","correct":false,"count":"35,788"
Answers: "Coconut","correct":false,"count":"29,102"
Answers: "Root beer","correct":true,"count":"280,737"}]
Answers: "His father","correct":false,"count":"110,749"
Answers: "First president","correct":true,"count":"163,354"
Answers: "Astronaut","correct":false,"count":"56,526"}]
Answers: "Honey cashews","correct":false,"count":"58,009"
Answers: "Crunchy almonds","correct":true,"count":"184,844"
Answers: "Toasted peanuts","correct":false,"count":"29,052"}]
Answers: "Christy Turlington","correct":false,"count":"47,113"
Answers: "Naomi Campbell","correct":true,"count":"70,693"
Answers: "Linda Evangelista","correct":false,"count":"70,730"}]
Answers: "Backstreet Boys","correct":false,"count":"34,531"
Answers: "98 Degrees","correct":false,"count":"22,680"
Answers: "NSYNC","correct":true,"count":"39,528"}]
Answers: "Seinfeld","correct":false,"count":"9,965"
Answers: "ER","correct":false,"count":"18,039"
Answers: "Friends","correct":true,"count":"21,233"}]
Answers: "Forrest Gump","correct":false,"count":"6,625"
Answers: "Shakespeare in Love","correct":false,"count":"9,882"
Answers: "The English Patient","correct":true,"count":"10,097"}]
Answers: "Restaurant","correct":false,"count":"847"
Answers: "School supplies","correct":false,"count":"3,047"
Answers: "Search engine","correct":true,"count":"8,510"}]
Answers: "Fainted","correct":false,"count":"962"
Answers: "Got dumped","correct":false,"count":"3,372"
Answers: "Broke into hives","correct":true,"count":"4,547"}]
Answers: "Banyan Bank","correct":true,"count":"2,256"
Answers: "Trilobite Circle","correct":false,"count":"1,146"
Answers: "Jurassic Beach","correct":false,"count":"1,559"}]
Answers: "Private jet","correct":false,"count":"487"
Answers: "Classic car","correct":false,"count":"1,574"
Answers: "Tugboat","correct":true,"count":"498"}]
Answers: "Mr. Irrelevant","correct":true,"count":"61,527"
Answers: "The Caboose","correct":false,"count":"23,088"
Answers: "Broadway Geoff","correct":false,"count":"1,490"}]
Answers: "NFL commissioner","correct":true,"count":"75,075"
Answers: "Team owners","correct":false,"count":"3,803"
Answers: "General managers","correct":false,"count":"5,246"}]
Answers: "2011","correct":false,"count":"7,379"
Answers: "2014","correct":false,"count":"26,787"
Answers: "2018","correct":true,"count":"48,778"}]
Answers: "Cowboys","correct":true,"count":"54,475"
Answers: "Giants","correct":false,"count":"11,971"
Answers: "Colts","correct":false,"count":"14,223"}]
Answers: "The same","correct":false,"count":"10,840"
Answers: "More","correct":true,"count":"38,185"
Answers: "Fewer","correct":false,"count":"30,136"}]
Answers: "Running back","correct":true,"count":"41,912"
Answers: "Offensive line","correct":false,"count":"17,441"
Answers: "Defensive line","correct":false,"count":"15,299"}]
Answers: "Randy Moss","correct":false,"count":"7,608"
Answers: "Aaron Rodgers","correct":true,"count":"43,887"
Answers: "Johnny Manziel","correct":false,"count":"18,087"}]
Answers: "Can use one timeout","correct":false,"count":"2,233"
Answers: "Must wait for next round","correct":false,"count":"13,305"
Answers: "Team behind can steal","correct":true,"count":"32,554"}]
Answers: "Doug Flutie","correct":true,"count":"7,813"
Answers: "Brett Favre","correct":false,"count":"1,234"
Answers: "Tom Brady","correct":false,"count":"24,090"}]
Answers: "Miami Dolphins","correct":false,"count":"2,217"
Answers: "San Diego Chargers","correct":true,"count":"5,521"
Answers: "New York Jets","correct":false,"count":"2,942"}]
Answers: "Notre Dame","correct":true,"count":"4,297"
Answers: "Oklahoma","correct":false,"count":"1,079"
Answers: "Alabama","correct":false,"count":"1,263"}]
Answers: "Rams","correct":false,"count":"1,037"
Answers: "Colts","correct":false,"count":"729"
Answers: "Browns","correct":true,"count":"2,840"}]
Answers: "Titanic","correct":false,"count":"45,656"
Answers: "Down Periscope","correct":false,"count":"16,267"
Answers: "Battleship","correct":true,"count":"220,708"}]
Answers: "12 Monkeys","correct":true,"count":"228,532"
Answers: "13 Assassins","correct":false,"count":"51,995"
Answers: "50 First Dates","correct":false,"count":"5,901"}]
Answers: "Nicolas Cage","correct":true,"count":"191,087"
Answers: "Denise Richards","correct":false,"count":"23,934"
Answers: "Keanu Reeves","correct":false,"count":"64,519"}]
Answers: "Peter O’Toole","correct":false,"count":"54,666"
Answers: "Peter Fonda","correct":false,"count":"55,448"
Answers: "Peter Sellers","correct":true,"count":"167,139"}]
Answers: "28 Days","correct":true,"count":"135,696"
Answers: "28 Days Later","correct":false,"count":"27,072"
Answers: "28 Weeks Later","correct":false,"count":"97,210"}]
Answers: "Jake Gyllenhaal","correct":false,"count":"155,864"
Answers: "Laurence Fishburne","correct":false,"count":"57,983"
Answers: "Chris Evans","correct":true,"count":"38,902"}]
Answers: "Put Up or Shut Up","correct":true,"count":"132,306"
Answers: "Buckle Up","correct":false,"count":"49,258"
Answers: "Don’t Be a Hero","correct":false,"count":"34,013"}]
Answers: "Armageddon","correct":false,"count":"87,533"
Answers: "Deep Impact","correct":false,"count":"10,753"
Answers: "Both","correct":true,"count":"43,553"}]
Answers: "Coded image of flag","correct":false,"count":"7,390"
Answers: "Reverse binary code","correct":true,"count":"25,570"
Answers: "“USA” in Morse code","correct":false,"count":"18,115"}]
Answers: "The Core","correct":false,"count":"10,964"
Answers: "The Day After Tomorrow","correct":false,"count":"4,950"
Answers: "2012","correct":true,"count":"12,094"}]
Answers: "Leak Less motor oil","correct":false,"count":"2,195"
Answers: "Sputnik satellite","correct":true,"count":"7,518"
Answers: "Box of Twinkies","correct":false,"count":"3,363"}]
Answers: "If you must!","correct":false,"count":"2,230"
Answers: "Come here.","correct":false,"count":"1,092"
Answers: "You’re so damned ugly.","correct":true,"count":"5,315"}]
Answers: "James Bond","correct":false,"count":"657"
Answers: "Carrie Bradshaw","correct":false,"count":"609"
Answers: "The Joker","correct":true,"count":"4,368"}]
Answers: "Jericho Cane","correct":false,"count":"250"
Answers: "Kevin","correct":false,"count":"2,510"
Answers: "Just “The Postman”","correct":true,"count":"1,805"}]
Answers: "Let us begin","correct":true,"count":"876"
Answers: "And we will never forget","correct":false,"count":"370"
Answers: "Together, we will","correct":false,"count":"997"}]
Answers: "Dermatologist","correct":false,"count":"855"
Answers: "Cardiologist","correct":true,"count":"123,111"
Answers: "Dentist","correct":false,"count":"310"}]
Answers: "The Marriage of Figaro","correct":true,"count":"118,276"
Answers: "My Best Friend’s Wedding","correct":false,"count":"2,508"
Answers: "The Wedding Singer","correct":false,"count":"4,063"}]
Answers: "President imminent","correct":false,"count":"3,144"
Answers: "President-elect","correct":true,"count":"117,670"
Answers: "President pro tempore","correct":false,"count":"2,108"}]
Answers: "Cathode-ray tube","correct":true,"count":"105,578"
Answers: "Constant-refresh tableau","correct":false,"count":"4,011"
Answers: "Convex resource tracker","correct":false,"count":"11,202"}]
Answers: "Sign o’ the Times","correct":true,"count":"16,224"
Answers: "Purple Rain","correct":false,"count":"91,042"
Answers: "Lovesexy","correct":false,"count":"10,760"}]
Answers: "Monday-to-Friday","correct":false,"count":"23,218"
Answers: "Monkey-fighting","correct":false,"count":"30,218"
Answers: "Marshmallow fudge","correct":true,"count":"39,294"}]
Answers: "First base","correct":false,"count":"11,285"
Answers: "Shortstop","correct":false,"count":"14,070"
Answers: "Pitcher","correct":true,"count":"60,566"}]
Answers: "Flaxseed","correct":false,"count":"10,234"
Answers: "Rice","correct":false,"count":"17,202"
Answers: "Beans","correct":true,"count":"37,805"}]
Answers: "Histamine","correct":false,"count":"9,896"
Answers: "Adrenaline","correct":true,"count":"28,211"
Answers: "Serotonin","correct":false,"count":"1,186"}]
Answers: "The Dark Knight Returns","correct":false,"count":"2,006"
Answers: "Maus","correct":true,"count":"15,470"
Answers: "Watchmen","correct":false,"count":"11,654"}]
Answers: "Accra","correct":false,"count":"2,701"
Answers: "Freetown","correct":false,"count":"5,022"
Answers: "Bamako","correct":true,"count":"9,954"}]
Answers: "Chinchilla","correct":true,"count":"6,145"
Answers: "Monarch butterfly","correct":false,"count":"2,922"
Answers: "Sand dollar","correct":false,"count":"2,468"}]
Answers: "Sudoku","correct":false,"count":"10,703"
Answers: "Tic-tac-toe","correct":true,"count":"330,137"
Answers: "Hangman","correct":false,"count":"4,655"}]
Answers: "Remote Control","correct":true,"count":"185,979"
Answers: "Turn It Up!","correct":false,"count":"73,960"
Answers: "Finders Keepers","correct":false,"count":"76,433"}]
Answers: "Concentration","correct":true,"count":"153,040"
Answers: "Card Sharks","correct":false,"count":"152,804"
Answers: "Family Feud","correct":false,"count":"20,288"}]
Answers: "British royal family","correct":true,"count":"183,996"
Answers: "Kardashians","correct":false,"count":"53,681"
Answers: "Baldwins","correct":false,"count":"70,750"}]
Answers: "Poker deck","correct":false,"count":"61,201"
Answers: "Slot machine","correct":true,"count":"155,759"
Answers: "Roulette wheel","correct":false,"count":"81,464"}]
Answers: "Plummeted through floor","correct":false,"count":"90,639"
Answers: "Walked off stage","correct":true,"count":"134,125"
Answers: "Stayed at their places","correct":false,"count":"38,324"}]
Answers: "Loin","correct":false,"count":"52,031"
Answers: "Soda","correct":false,"count":"6,453"
Answers: "Cupine","correct":true,"count":"101,872"}]
Answers: "Sports bettor","correct":true,"count":"66,604"
Answers: "Orthopedic surgeon","correct":false,"count":"6,622"
Answers: "School teacher","correct":false,"count":"32,263"}]
Answers: "The Chamber","correct":true,"count":"44,379"
Answers: "The Chair","correct":false,"count":"7,651"
Answers: "Neither","correct":false,"count":"17,499"}]
Answers: "Pyramid","correct":false,"count":"3,091"
Answers: "Truth or Consequences","correct":false,"count":"4,014"
Answers: "Twenty-One","correct":true,"count":"41,279"}]
Answers: "The Price Is Right","correct":true,"count":"32,217"
Answers: "Let’s Make a Deal","correct":false,"count":"5,779"
Answers: "The Gong Show","correct":false,"count":"3,039"}]
Answers: "Tattletales","correct":true,"count":"29,399"
Answers: "To Tell the Truth","correct":false,"count":"831"
Answers: "Match Game","correct":false,"count":"3,727"}]
Answers: "Sporting event","correct":true,"count":"26,225"
Answers: "US president","correct":false,"count":"870"
Answers: "Comedy show","correct":false,"count":"2,409"}]
Answers: "Price of a vowel","correct":true,"count":"13,366"
Answers: "Hostess","correct":false,"count":"7,515"
Answers: "Announcer","correct":false,"count":"5,989"}]
Answers: "Flopping","correct":true,"count":"83,768"
Answers: "Whipping","correct":false,"count":"2,474"
Answers: "Sticking","correct":false,"count":"3,114"}]
Answers: "Kevin Durant","correct":false,"count":"18,632"
Answers: "Joel Embiid","correct":false,"count":"7,538"
Answers: "Damian Lillard","correct":true,"count":"61,509"}]
Answers: "Columbus Blue Jackets","correct":true,"count":"62,803"
Answers: "Vegas Golden Knights","correct":false,"count":"11,507"
Answers: "New York Islanders","correct":false,"count":"10,984"}]
Answers: "Baylor","correct":false,"count":"21,552"
Answers: "UConn","correct":false,"count":"20,888"
Answers: "Oregon","correct":true,"count":"38,574"}]
Answers: "Designated hitter","correct":false,"count":"18,821"
Answers: "Outfield","correct":false,"count":"30,255"
Answers: "Second base","correct":true,"count":"26,545"}]
Answers: "Jack Nicklaus","correct":true,"count":"35,316"
Answers: "Phil Mickelson","correct":false,"count":"18,422"
Answers: "Tiger Woods","correct":false,"count":"15,963"}]
Answers: "3-point percentage","correct":true,"count":"40,732"
Answers: "3-pointers made","correct":false,"count":"11,029"
Answers: "3-pointers attempted","correct":false,"count":"13,932"}]
Answers: "Los Angeles","correct":false,"count":"6,485"
Answers: "Boston","correct":false,"count":"10,525"
Answers: "Chicago","correct":true,"count":"27,738"}]
Answers: "Minutes","correct":true,"count":"15,076"
Answers: "Turnovers","correct":false,"count":"8,703"
Answers: "3-point attempts","correct":false,"count":"4,888"}]
Answers: "Los Angeles Dodgers","correct":false,"count":"1,767"
Answers: "Tampa Bay Rays","correct":true,"count":"5,837"
Answers: "Houston Astros","correct":false,"count":"8,513"}]
Answers: "Finals","correct":false,"count":"1,763"
Answers: "Conference finals","correct":false,"count":"2,738"
Answers: "First round","correct":true,"count":"4,300"}]
Answers: "Wladimir Klitschko","correct":false,"count":"2,871"
Answers: "Michael Moorer","correct":false,"count":"1,132"
Answers: "Buster Douglas","correct":true,"count":"1,543"}]
Answers: "Dunking on Bullies","correct":false,"count":"4,300"
Answers: "Spinnin’ Hot Fire","correct":false,"count":"16,750"
Answers: "Far From Home","correct":true,"count":"355,353"}]
Answers: "Pepper Potts","correct":false,"count":"20,144"
Answers: "Tony Stark","correct":true,"count":"340,297"
Answers: "Christine Everhart","correct":false,"count":"20,309"}]
Answers: "Talos","correct":false,"count":"107,259"
Answers: "Yon-Rogg","correct":false,"count":"38,101"
Answers: "Vers","correct":true,"count":"228,652"}]
Answers: "Star-Lord","correct":false,"count":"103,676"
Answers: "Ant-Man","correct":true,"count":"206,561"
Answers: "Iron Man","correct":false,"count":"40,171"}]
Answers: "Thanos","correct":false,"count":"58,272"
Answers: "Gamora","correct":false,"count":"50,453"
Answers: "Star-Lord","correct":true,"count":"233,474"}]
Answers: "Tessa Thompson","correct":false,"count":"57,357"
Answers: "Cate Blanchett","correct":true,"count":"197,083"
Answers: "Hannah John-Kamen","correct":false,"count":"63,116"}]
Answers: "Greta Van Fleet","correct":false,"count":"29,386"
Answers: "The Ramones","correct":true,"count":"159,438"
Answers: "Imagine Dragons","correct":false,"count":"107,909"}]
Answers: "My Favorite Things","correct":false,"count":"26,244"
Answers: "A Spoonful of Sugar","correct":true,"count":"115,622"
Answers: "Let It Go","correct":false,"count":"38,198"}]
Answers: "Beyoncé","correct":false,"count":"46,548"
Answers: "Fashion sense","correct":false,"count":"23,195"
Answers: "Timing of warnings","correct":true,"count":"52,487"}]
Answers: "Tennis lesson","correct":false,"count":"8,313"
Answers: "Water skiing","correct":true,"count":"40,037"
Answers: "Laser tag","correct":false,"count":"16,709"}]
Answers: "Quicksilver","correct":true,"count":"6,324"
Answers: "Scarlet Witch","correct":false,"count":"3,581"
Answers: "Captain America","correct":false,"count":"32,912"}]
Answers: "Thai food","correct":false,"count":"1,200"
Answers: "Twitter","correct":true,"count":"9,677"
Answers: "Nirvana","correct":false,"count":"6,228"}]
Answers: "Henchwoman","correct":false,"count":"903"
Answers: "Doctor’s assistant","correct":true,"count":"6,513"
Answers: "Love interest","correct":false,"count":"2,696"}]
Answers: "Power","correct":false,"count":"1,463"
Answers: "Forward","correct":true,"count":"2,546"
Answers: "Vibranium","correct":false,"count":"2,525"}]
Answers: "“Oops!”","correct":false,"count":"451"
Answers: "“Bye bye”","correct":false,"count":"370"
Answers: "Nothing","correct":true,"count":"2,023"}]
Answers: "Wind tunnel","correct":false,"count":"3,932"
Answers: "Pool filled with Jell-O","correct":false,"count":"4,372"
Answers: "Washing machine","correct":true,"count":"122,436"}]
Answers: "Prevail","correct":true,"count":"128,300"
Answers: "Prevaricate","correct":false,"count":"1,729"
Answers: "Previsualize","correct":false,"count":"1,186"}]
Answers: "George HW Bush","correct":false,"count":"9,039"
Answers: "Richard Nixon","correct":false,"count":"21,675"
Answers: "Jimmy Carter","correct":true,"count":"97,072"}]
Answers: "Bohemian Rhapsody","correct":true,"count":"92,787"
Answers: "Training Day","correct":false,"count":"14,613"
Answers: "The Revenant","correct":false,"count":"17,844"}]
Answers: "Fred Rogers","correct":false,"count":"4,915"
Answers: "Sid & Marty Krofft","correct":false,"count":"8,095"
Answers: "Jim Henson","correct":true,"count":"110,737"}]
Answers: "Preakness Stakes","correct":false,"count":"12,857"
Answers: "Mayflower Stakes","correct":true,"count":"104,737"
Answers: "Belmont Stakes","correct":false,"count":"3,602"}]
Answers: "Shamrock","correct":false,"count":"11,444"
Answers: "Maple leaf","correct":true,"count":"75,174"
Answers: "Union Jack","correct":false,"count":"29,870"}]
Answers: "United Arab Emirates","correct":false,"count":"19,556"
Answers: "Yemen","correct":true,"count":"44,790"
Answers: "Oman","correct":false,"count":"14,072"}]
Answers: "Beatrice","correct":true,"count":"37,698"
Answers: "Lenore","correct":false,"count":"4,340"
Answers: "Penelope","correct":false,"count":"7,475"}]
Answers: "Octahedron","correct":false,"count":"1,162"
Answers: "Icosahedron","correct":false,"count":"1,893"
Answers: "Dodecahedron","correct":true,"count":"35,541"}]
Answers: "Journalism","correct":false,"count":"4,244"
Answers: "Medicine","correct":false,"count":"7,835"
Answers: "Television","correct":true,"count":"23,216"}]
Answers: "Turbinate hypertrophy","correct":false,"count":"6,946"
Answers: "Vestibular neuritis","correct":false,"count":"7,309"
Answers: "Ankylosing spondylitis","correct":true,"count":"11,343"}]
Answers: "Martini","correct":true,"count":"300,489"
Answers: "Fanta","correct":false,"count":"5,098"
Answers: "Celery juice","correct":false,"count":"1,915"}]
Answers: "Woody Woodpecker","correct":false,"count":"2,201"
Answers: "Huckleberry Hound","correct":true,"count":"304,616"
Answers: "Yogi Bear","correct":false,"count":"3,770"}]
Answers: "Tricorder","correct":true,"count":"185,663"
Answers: "Lightsaber","correct":false,"count":"29,001"
Answers: "Vulcanized gasket","correct":false,"count":"86,266"}]
Answers: "Iggy Azalea","correct":false,"count":"117,016"
Answers: "Sia","correct":false,"count":"40,188"
Answers: "Kylie Minogue","correct":true,"count":"128,211"}]
Answers: "International Date Line","correct":false,"count":"53,890"
Answers: "North Pole","correct":true,"count":"102,101"
Answers: "Prime Meridian","correct":false,"count":"120,200"}]
Answers: "The Who","correct":false,"count":"53,323"
Answers: "The Rolling Stones","correct":false,"count":"52,462"
Answers: "The Velvet Underground","correct":true,"count":"163,358"}]
Answers: "Emmy","correct":false,"count":"56,774"
Answers: "Grammy","correct":false,"count":"50,839"
Answers: "Oscar","correct":true,"count":"138,415"}]
Answers: "Egypt","correct":false,"count":"33,052"
Answers: "Nigeria","correct":true,"count":"94,685"
Answers: "Mongolia","correct":false,"count":"26,478"}]
Answers: "Life","correct":true,"count":"79,395"
Answers: "Wheat Chex","correct":false,"count":"3,792"
Answers: "Kix","correct":false,"count":"17,168"}]
Answers: "Tower of London","correct":false,"count":"24,575"
Answers: "Arc de Triomphe","correct":false,"count":"24,666"
Answers: "Statue of Liberty","correct":true,"count":"27,914"}]
Answers: "Stratosphere","correct":false,"count":"2,944"
Answers: "Troposphere","correct":true,"count":"31,698"
Answers: "Thermosphere","correct":false,"count":"3,517"}]
Answers: "Flight Simulator","correct":false,"count":"2,602"
Answers: "Halo","correct":true,"count":"28,900"
Answers: "Age of Empires","correct":false,"count":"731"}]
Answers: "Asia","correct":false,"count":"1,667"
Answers: "Africa","correct":true,"count":"17,665"
Answers: "South America","correct":false,"count":"8,630"}]
Answers: "Tom Seaver","correct":false,"count":"753"
Answers: "Rollie Fingers","correct":false,"count":"1,616"
Answers: "Harmon Killebrew","correct":true,"count":"17,997"}]
Answers: "Umbrellas","correct":false,"count":"2,925"
Answers: "Sausages","correct":true,"count":"7,673"
Answers: "Phone screens","correct":false,"count":"7,662"}]
Answers: "French","correct":true,"count":"265,724"
Answers: "Klingon","correct":false,"count":"13,002"
Answers: "Ancient Greek","correct":false,"count":"13,239"}]
Answers: "The Hunger Games","correct":false,"count":"90,456"
Answers: "Star Wars","correct":false,"count":"87,606"
Answers: "The Lord of the Rings","correct":true,"count":"35,653"}]
Answers: "Plums","correct":true,"count":"254,319"
Answers: "Persimmons","correct":false,"count":"5,012"
Answers: "Peaches","correct":false,"count":"4,428"}]
Answers: "Spot","correct":true,"count":"217,548"
Answers: "Regard","correct":false,"count":"8,156"
Answers: "Locale","correct":false,"count":"36,029"}]
Answers: "Ludacris","correct":false,"count":"27,739"
Answers: "Lil Jon","correct":false,"count":"41,183"
Answers: "Diddy","correct":true,"count":"185,655"}]
Answers: "Cloaca","correct":false,"count":"41,796"
Answers: "Thorax","correct":true,"count":"197,152"
Answers: "Fluke","correct":false,"count":"12,481"}]
Answers: "Pewter","correct":true,"count":"133,861"
Answers: "Electrum","correct":false,"count":"16,519"
Answers: "Bronze","correct":false,"count":"92,072"}]
Answers: "Princeton","correct":false,"count":"35,066"
Answers: "Columbia","correct":false,"count":"56,621"
Answers: "Penn","correct":true,"count":"70,018"}]
Answers: "Little Women","correct":false,"count":"20,944"
Answers: "Civil Disobedience","correct":false,"count":"21,138"
Answers: "Moby-Dick","correct":true,"count":"35,093"}]
Answers: "The Pied Piper","correct":true,"count":"14,662"
Answers: "The Bookworm","correct":false,"count":"14,357"
Answers: "The Puzzler","correct":false,"count":"10,474"}]
Answers: "Grenada","correct":false,"count":"3,249"
Answers: "Belize","correct":false,"count":"8,468"
Answers: "Guyana","correct":true,"count":"6,475"}]
Answers: "My Fair Lady","correct":false,"count":"1,942"
Answers: "The Music Man","correct":false,"count":"3,754"
Answers: "The Sound of Music","correct":true,"count":"2,667"}]
Answers: "Mexico City","correct":false,"count":"795"
Answers: "Montreal","correct":true,"count":"868"
Answers: "Berlin","correct":false,"count":"1,994"}]
Answers: "Freon","correct":false,"count":"119"
Answers: "Saccharine","correct":true,"count":"256"
Answers: "Lanolin","correct":false,"count":"934"}]
Answers: "Pyotr Tchaikovsky","correct":false,"count":"201"
Answers: "Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart","correct":true,"count":"95"
Answers: "Ludwig van Beethoven","correct":false,"count":"90"}]
Answers: "Elizabeth","correct":false,"count":"67,760"
Answers: "Victoria","correct":true,"count":"216,176"
Answers: "Anne","correct":false,"count":"9,273"}]
Answers: "One more","correct":true,"count":"246,509"
Answers: "One less","correct":false,"count":"36,590"
Answers: "Two more","correct":false,"count":"6,929"}]
Answers: "Red","correct":true,"count":"259,946"
Answers: "White","correct":false,"count":"16,771"
Answers: "Blue","correct":false,"count":"10,291"}]
Answers: "Profuse","correct":false,"count":"72,288"
Answers: "Prodigal","correct":false,"count":"74,842"
Answers: "Provident","correct":true,"count":"128,453"}]
Answers: "Farfalle","correct":false,"count":"21,896"
Answers: "Ziti","correct":false,"count":"19,708"
Answers: "Rotini","correct":true,"count":"226,433"}]
Answers: "Mark Twain","correct":false,"count":"31,795"
Answers: "Sir Arthur Conan Doyle","correct":false,"count":"221,418"
Answers: "PG Wodehouse","correct":true,"count":"10,825"}]
Answers: "Alabama","correct":true,"count":"39,554"
Answers: "Texas","correct":false,"count":"143,573"
Answers: "Colorado","correct":false,"count":"35,774"}]
Answers: "Hg","correct":false,"count":"9,354"
Answers: "Cu","correct":false,"count":"10,758"
Answers: "Ag","correct":true,"count":"70,838"}]
Answers: "Accountant","correct":true,"count":"25,722"
Answers: "Horse shoer","correct":false,"count":"22,888"
Answers: "Medical specialist","correct":false,"count":"19,172"}]
Answers: "The House of Harfang","correct":true,"count":"9,051"
Answers: "Three Is Company","correct":false,"count":"6,274"
Answers: "Flotsam and Jetsam","correct":false,"count":"16,195"}]
Answers: "Japan","correct":true,"count":"4,027"
Answers: "United Kingdom","correct":false,"count":"1,731"
Answers: "Indonesia","correct":false,"count":"5,881"}]
Answers: "Satisfaction","correct":false,"count":"736"
Answers: "Hey Jude","correct":false,"count":"1,653"
Answers: "Bohemian Rhapsody","correct":true,"count":"2,852"}]
Answers: "Sudan","correct":false,"count":"577"
Answers: "Central African Republic","correct":false,"count":"430"
Answers: "Chad","correct":true,"count":"2,214"}]
Answers: "Masterpiece","correct":false,"count":"270"
Answers: "Woman with Flowered Hat","correct":true,"count":"999"
Answers: "Sleeping Girl","correct":false,"count":"1,070"}]
Answers: "Parenting","correct":false,"count":"208"
Answers: "Language origin","correct":true,"count":"790"
Answers: "Nuclear physics","correct":false,"count":"301"}]
Answers: "Elastigirl","correct":true,"count":"353,632"
Answers: "Extension Cordelia","correct":false,"count":"7,058"
Answers: "Elaine Stretch","correct":false,"count":"28,664"}]
Answers: "Pine","correct":true,"count":"380,847"
Answers: "Printer paper","correct":false,"count":"7,349"
Answers: "Leftover Easter candy","correct":false,"count":"3,080"}]
Answers: "Brave","correct":true,"count":"372,684"
Answers: "Sleeping Beauty","correct":false,"count":"12,352"
Answers: "Snow White","correct":false,"count":"4,470"}]
Answers: "WALL-E","correct":false,"count":"24,570"
Answers: "Aladdin","correct":false,"count":"27,151"
Answers: "Pocahontas","correct":true,"count":"333,578"}]
Answers: "He’s a clownfish","correct":true,"count":"341,683"
Answers: "He’s studied the greats","correct":false,"count":"9,554"
Answers: "He took an improv class","correct":false,"count":"23,059"}]
Answers: "Cold weather","correct":false,"count":"47,599"
Answers: "Queen's sister","correct":true,"count":"161,942"
Answers: "Reindeer","correct":false,"count":"149,797"}]
Answers: "Repair-It Roger","correct":false,"count":"61,071"
Answers: "Mend-It Michael","correct":false,"count":"20,999"
Answers: "Fix-It Felix Jr.","correct":true,"count":"229,647"}]
Answers: "Pongo","correct":false,"count":"62,501"
Answers: "Basil of Baker St","correct":true,"count":"127,840"
Answers: "Miss Bianca","correct":false,"count":"50,177"}]
Answers: "Coco","correct":false,"count":"33,325"
Answers: "Anna","correct":false,"count":"10,217"
Answers: "Moana","correct":true,"count":"102,441"}]
Answers: "Neverland","correct":false,"count":"21,109"
Answers: "Her brothers","correct":false,"count":"52,364"
Answers: "Nana","correct":true,"count":"34,748"}]
Answers: "Face","correct":false,"count":"4,034"
Answers: "Walk","correct":true,"count":"36,173"
Answers: "Taste in food","correct":false,"count":"10,328"}]
Answers: "Shave ice","correct":false,"count":"17,783"
Answers: "Chocolate chip cookies","correct":false,"count":"6,872"
Answers: "Cake","correct":true,"count":"13,676"}]
Answers: "Flirting with Bo Peep","correct":false,"count":"6,102"
Answers: "Fighting at Pizza Planet","correct":false,"count":"3,040"
Answers: "Propping up Buzz’s arm","correct":true,"count":"9,087"}]
Answers: "High fever","correct":false,"count":"1,955"
Answers: "Nasty cough","correct":false,"count":"1,393"
Answers: "Hurt foot","correct":true,"count":"6,864"}]
Answers: "Kristen Bell","correct":false,"count":"743"
Answers: "Idina Menzel","correct":true,"count":"3,921"
Answers: "Neither","correct":false,"count":"2,664"}]
Answers: "Faith Canyon","correct":false,"count":"627"
Answers: "Camp Hope","correct":false,"count":"1,076"
Answers: "Lake Destiny","correct":true,"count":"2,187"}]
Answers: "Crown","correct":false,"count":"546"
Answers: "Earrings","correct":true,"count":"1,121"
Answers: "Gloves","correct":false,"count":"511"}]
Answers: "Fin","correct":true,"count":"324"
Answers: "Eyes","correct":false,"count":"94"
Answers: "Hair","correct":false,"count":"697"}]
Answers: "Shang","correct":false,"count":"55"
Answers: "Mushu","correct":true,"count":"212"
Answers: "Mulan’s dad","correct":false,"count":"53"}]
Answers: "Charming","correct":false,"count":"37"
Answers: "Philip","correct":false,"count":"76"
Answers: "Eric","correct":true,"count":"97"}]
Answers: "Up a tree","correct":false,"count":"5"
Answers: "In a cave","correct":true,"count":"82"
Answers: "Under water","correct":false,"count":"8"}]
Answers: "Dawson’s Creek","correct":false,"count":"8"
Answers: "Gossip Girl","correct":false,"count":"6"
Answers: "The OC","correct":true,"count":"12"}]
Answers: "The Texas Rattlesnake","correct":false,"count":"4,186"
Answers: "The Great Bambino","correct":true,"count":"74,275"
Answers: "Kung Fu Panda","correct":false,"count":"1,159"}]
Answers: "Clemson","correct":false,"count":"6,379"
Answers: "Alabama","correct":false,"count":"14,788"
Answers: "Oklahoma","correct":true,"count":"58,288"}]
Answers: "Tobin Heath","correct":false,"count":"4,445"
Answers: "Julie Ertz","correct":false,"count":"12,573"
Answers: "Alex Morgan","correct":true,"count":"61,290"}]
Answers: "Dwayne Haskins","correct":false,"count":"11,415"
Answers: "Kyler Murray","correct":false,"count":"10,184"
Answers: "Nick Bosa","correct":true,"count":"55,480"}]
Answers: "Highest peak","correct":false,"count":"19,985"
Answers: "Longest distance","correct":false,"count":"12,975"
Answers: "Slowest trot","correct":true,"count":"39,391"}]
Answers: "Warriors","correct":false,"count":"15,841"
Answers: "Nuggets","correct":false,"count":"24,940"
Answers: "Heat","correct":true,"count":"31,498"}]
Answers: "Red Wings","correct":true,"count":"25,259"
Answers: "Canadiens","correct":false,"count":"14,055"
Answers: "Islanders","correct":false,"count":"24,015"}]
Answers: "Ivan Lendl","correct":false,"count":"1,728"
Answers: "John McEnroe","correct":false,"count":"5,677"
Answers: "Bjorn Borg","correct":true,"count":"32,883"}]
Answers: "Alabama","correct":false,"count":"7,176"
Answers: "Florida State","correct":false,"count":"4,244"
Answers: "Iowa","correct":true,"count":"21,950"}]
Answers: "Tim Duncan","correct":false,"count":"2,413"
Answers: "Nikola Jokic","correct":true,"count":"17,175"
Answers: "Vlade Divac","correct":false,"count":"2,951"}]
Answers: "Manchester City","correct":true,"count":"10,713"
Answers: "Chelsea","correct":false,"count":"1,404"
Answers: "Liverpool","correct":false,"count":"6,023"}]
Answers: "Mike Trout","correct":false,"count":"6,265"
Answers: "Christian Yelich","correct":false,"count":"3,526"
Answers: "Cody Bellinger","correct":true,"count":"3,638"}]
Answers: "Turtle power!","correct":true,"count":"375,139"
Answers: "Horse power!","correct":false,"count":"1,673"
Answers: "Cat power!","correct":false,"count":"638"}]
Answers: "Alexander Hamilton","correct":false,"count":"41,206"
Answers: "Bill Clinton","correct":true,"count":"280,185"
Answers: "George Washington","correct":false,"count":"57,294"}]
Answers: "Boy Meets World","correct":false,"count":"25,030"
Answers: "Clarissa Explains It All","correct":false,"count":"13,848"
Answers: "Sister, Sister","correct":true,"count":"320,460"}]
Answers: "The Golden Girls","correct":false,"count":"6,652"
Answers: "Parks and Recreation","correct":false,"count":"5,714"
Answers: "Stranger Things","correct":true,"count":"348,458"}]
Answers: "Yippy-ti-yi-yay","correct":true,"count":"136,676"
Answers: "Howdy partner","correct":false,"count":"174,327"
Answers: "Draw!","correct":false,"count":"40,006"}]
Answers: "Banging gavel","correct":false,"count":"113,360"
Answers: "Clinking handcuff","correct":false,"count":"13,192"
Answers: "Locking jail cell","correct":true,"count":"184,647"}]
Answers: "ET","correct":false,"count":"109,742"
Answers: "Marty McFly","correct":false,"count":"41,804"
Answers: "Indiana Jones","correct":true,"count":"141,435"}]
Answers: "The Wonder Years","correct":false,"count":"52,538"
Answers: "Family Matters","correct":true,"count":"109,253"
Answers: "Step by Step","correct":false,"count":"20,110"}]
Answers: "Pepper Ann","correct":true,"count":"70,199"
Answers: "Doug","correct":false,"count":"29,074"
Answers: "Ashley Spinelli","correct":false,"count":"16,899"}]
Answers: "Tap dancing","correct":false,"count":"7,225"
Answers: "Plate spinning","correct":true,"count":"52,631"
Answers: "Hula hooping","correct":false,"count":"14,905"}]
Answers: "Marvelous Mrs. Maisel","correct":false,"count":"12,061"
Answers: "The Romanoffs","correct":false,"count":"16,644"
Answers: "The Good Fight","correct":true,"count":"27,891"}]
Answers: "The Hills","correct":true,"count":"28,551"
Answers: "One Tree Hill","correct":false,"count":"1,864"
Answers: "Dawson’s Creek","correct":false,"count":"3,094"}]
Answers: "Politics","correct":false,"count":"2,615"
Answers: "Undercover spies","correct":false,"count":"8,273"
Answers: "High school teachers","correct":true,"count":"17,589"}]
Answers: "Whale","correct":true,"count":"17,388"
Answers: "Pony","correct":false,"count":"705"
Answers: "Cotton","correct":false,"count":"1,404"}]
Answers: "Survive the Wild","correct":false,"count":"4,236"
Answers: "Ancient Voices","correct":true,"count":"11,559"
Answers: "Outlasting Theme","correct":false,"count":"1,999"}]
Answers: "Wakanda","correct":false,"count":"993"
Answers: "New Jersey","correct":false,"count":"4,793"
Answers: "United Kingdom","correct":true,"count":"113,753"}]
Answers: "Aunt","correct":true,"count":"110,793"
Answers: "Second cousin","correct":false,"count":"7,570"
Answers: "Mom","correct":false,"count":"517"}]
Answers: "Best Orchestrations","correct":true,"count":"86,888"
Answers: "Best Battle Sequence","correct":false,"count":"5,933"
Answers: "Best Child Actor","correct":false,"count":"21,838"}]
Answers: "Nesting crabs","correct":false,"count":"4,300"
Answers: "Swimming pigs","correct":false,"count":"10,933"
Answers: "Black sand","correct":true,"count":"98,673"}]
Answers: "Shea Stadium","correct":true,"count":"33,643"
Answers: "Astrodome","correct":false,"count":"25,396"
Answers: "Tiger Stadium","correct":false,"count":"47,350"}]
Answers: "Crustacean","correct":false,"count":"9,983"
Answers: "Mollusk","correct":true,"count":"74,898"
Answers: "Octopus","correct":false,"count":"10,742"}]
Answers: "Rosh Hashanah","correct":false,"count":"29,571"
Answers: "Passover","correct":false,"count":"37,363"
Answers: "Purim","correct":true,"count":"24,530"}]
Answers: "First spring markets","correct":false,"count":"10,569"
Answers: "Settling debts","correct":true,"count":"23,855"
Answers: "Solar festival","correct":false,"count":"10,547"}]
Answers: "The Hospitable Sea","correct":false,"count":"6,996"
Answers: "The Deep Sea","correct":true,"count":"3,314"
Answers: "The Inhospitable Sea","correct":false,"count":"14,076"}]
Answers: "Holy cow","correct":false,"count":"2,046"
Answers: "Piggy bank","correct":false,"count":"525"
Answers: "Scapegoat","correct":true,"count":"5,148"}]
Answers: "Nullity","correct":false,"count":"354"
Answers: "Cipher","correct":true,"count":"4,652"
Answers: "Diddly","correct":false,"count":"435"}]
Answers: "Silver Star Medal","correct":false,"count":"1,574"
Answers: "Soldier's Medal","correct":true,"count":"1,293"
Answers: "Purple Heart","correct":false,"count":"1,866"}]
Answers: "It’s mostly live action","correct":true,"count":"278,909"
Answers: "It’s entirely in Russian","correct":false,"count":"5,666"
Answers: "There’s no Sonic in it","correct":false,"count":"29,678"}]
Answers: "Helvetica","correct":false,"count":"1,899"
Answers: "Helium","correct":true,"count":"320,933"
Answers: "Helicopter","correct":false,"count":"768"}]
Answers: "In squalor","correct":false,"count":"5,056"
Answers: "Nightcrawler","correct":false,"count":"20,070"
Answers: "A baller","correct":true,"count":"290,647"}]
Answers: "North Carolina","correct":false,"count":"13,250"
Answers: "North Dakota","correct":true,"count":"177,434"
Answers: "North Korea","correct":false,"count":"124,654"}]
Answers: "Gravenstein","correct":false,"count":"69,307"
Answers: "Bronze Star","correct":false,"count":"52,514"
Answers: "Gold Medal","correct":true,"count":"181,347"}]
Answers: "Henry Ford","correct":false,"count":"48,001"
Answers: "Mark Twain","correct":false,"count":"65,189"
Answers: "Nikola Tesla","correct":true,"count":"175,159"}]
Answers: "Hinny","correct":true,"count":"48,887"
Answers: "Jack","correct":false,"count":"20,017"
Answers: "Mule","correct":false,"count":"205,003"}]
Answers: "Viewing the moon landing","correct":false,"count":"13,848"
Answers: "Hanging a clock","correct":true,"count":"81,278"
Answers: "Buying plutonium","correct":false,"count":"20,804"}]
Answers: "Andante","correct":true,"count":"41,676"
Answers: "Allegro","correct":false,"count":"18,587"
Answers: "Legato","correct":false,"count":"24,005"}]
Answers: "Neptune","correct":false,"count":"15,578"
Answers: "Uranus","correct":true,"count":"22,851"
Answers: "Saturn","correct":false,"count":"6,350"}]
Answers: "Shaft","correct":false,"count":"3,087"
Answers: "Living in America","correct":false,"count":"14,675"
Answers: "Superstition","correct":true,"count":"7,779"}]
Answers: "An Old Stone","correct":false,"count":"4,336"
Answers: "On My Wig","correct":true,"count":"6,900"
Answers: "With My Ring","correct":false,"count":"1,389"}]
Answers: "Panama","correct":false,"count":"1,144"
Answers: "Colombia","correct":false,"count":"1,635"
Answers: "Chile","correct":true,"count":"5,339"}]
Answers: "Ivanhoe","correct":true,"count":"4,427"
Answers: "Bleak House","correct":false,"count":"498"
Answers: "Emma","correct":false,"count":"780"}]
Answers: "Lost in Cyberspace","correct":true,"count":"2,200"
Answers: "Homeschool Adventures","correct":false,"count":"1,109"
Answers: "Preventing Bird Flu","correct":false,"count":"1,312"}]
Answers: "Billie Eilish","correct":false,"count":"7,976"
Answers: "Madonna","correct":true,"count":"174,443"
Answers: "Lil Nas X","correct":false,"count":"2,092"}]
Answers: "BTS","correct":true,"count":"164,387"
Answers: "Panic! At the Disco","correct":false,"count":"10,586"
Answers: "Coldplay","correct":false,"count":"4,991"}]
Answers: "Hollaback Girl","correct":false,"count":"29,885"
Answers: "Since U Been Gone","correct":true,"count":"117,381"
Answers: "Raise Your Glass","correct":false,"count":"28,533"}]
Answers: "Philadelphia","correct":false,"count":"35,405"
Answers: "Toronto","correct":true,"count":"114,381"
Answers: "Miami","correct":false,"count":"22,730"}]
Answers: "Florida Georgia Line","correct":true,"count":"127,392"
Answers: "Juice Wrld","correct":false,"count":"6,147"
Answers: "Big & Rich","correct":false,"count":"34,428"}]
Answers: "Cat","correct":false,"count":"31,181"
Answers: "Horse","correct":true,"count":"100,745"
Answers: "Dog","correct":false,"count":"29,078"}]
Answers: "Don’t Hate","correct":false,"count":"38,209"
Answers: "Get Money","correct":false,"count":"22,232"
Answers: "Always Tired","correct":true,"count":"88,645"}]
Answers: "Rascal Flatts","correct":false,"count":"5,187"
Answers: "Garth Brooks","correct":true,"count":"55,675"
Answers: "Carrie Underwood","correct":false,"count":"39,604"}]
Answers: "The Voice","correct":false,"count":"9,048"
Answers: "American Idol","correct":false,"count":"7,772"
Answers: "The X Factor","correct":true,"count":"43,564"}]
Answers: "Drake","correct":false,"count":"4,202"
Answers: "Kanye West","correct":false,"count":"17,543"
Answers: "Nicki Minaj","correct":true,"count":"22,674"}]
Answers: "Imagine Dragons","correct":false,"count":"7,204"
Answers: "Maroon 5","correct":true,"count":"17,321"
Answers: "1975","correct":false,"count":"2,896"}]
Answers: "Easter","correct":false,"count":"5,488"
Answers: "July 4th","correct":false,"count":"3,465"
Answers: "Christmas","correct":true,"count":"10,778"}]
Answers: "Dr. J","correct":true,"count":"72,002"
Answers: "Archie Dunker","correct":false,"count":"4,919"
Answers: "Slamchop","correct":false,"count":"2,902"}]
Answers: "Game Winner","correct":true,"count":"64,594"
Answers: "Seabiscuit","correct":false,"count":"5,335"
Answers: "Secretariat","correct":false,"count":"8,492"}]
Answers: "High-sticking","correct":false,"count":"23,185"
Answers: "Tripping","correct":false,"count":"4,342"
Answers: "Fighting","correct":true,"count":"50,476"}]
Answers: "Milwaukee","correct":true,"count":"58,448"
Answers: "Miami","correct":false,"count":"13,096"
Answers: "Denver","correct":false,"count":"5,337"}]
Answers: "LPGA","correct":true,"count":"9,344"
Answers: "PGA","correct":false,"count":"39,896"
Answers: "They both have the same","correct":false,"count":"25,212"}]
Answers: "Kentucky Derby","correct":false,"count":"30,207"
Answers: "Preakness Stakes","correct":false,"count":"11,070"
Answers: "Belmont Stakes","correct":true,"count":"22,863"}]
Answers: "Hartford","correct":false,"count":"12,897"
Answers: "Atlanta","correct":true,"count":"30,229"
Answers: "Quebec","correct":false,"count":"15,323"}]
Answers: "Arthur Ashe","correct":true,"count":"31,320"
Answers: "James Blake","correct":false,"count":"4,809"
Answers: "Yannick Noah","correct":false,"count":"4,886"}]
Answers: "Center field","correct":true,"count":"8,779"
Answers: "Left field","correct":false,"count":"5,516"
Answers: "Second base","correct":false,"count":"17,163"}]
Answers: "Joe Montana","correct":true,"count":"4,544"
Answers: "John Elway","correct":false,"count":"3,014"
Answers: "Phil Simms","correct":false,"count":"3,706"}]
Answers: "Jim Valvano","correct":false,"count":"539"
Answers: "Tom Izzo","correct":false,"count":"1,381"
Answers: "Joe B. Hall","correct":true,"count":"3,714"}]
Answers: "Sam Snead","correct":true,"count":"2,360"
Answers: "Tiger Woods","correct":false,"count":"846"
Answers: "Jack Nicklaus","correct":false,"count":"956"}]
Answers: "Drake","correct":false,"count":"26,352"
Answers: "Taylor Swift","correct":false,"count":"136,104"
Answers: "Brendon Urie","correct":true,"count":"32,068"}]
Answers: "Thomas Hiddleston","correct":false,"count":"3,103"
Answers: "Thomas Jefferson","correct":false,"count":"39,034"
Answers: "Abraham Lincoln","correct":true,"count":"133,072"}]
Answers: "NSYNC","correct":false,"count":"22,122"
Answers: "BTS","correct":true,"count":"119,665"
Answers: "Backstreet Boys","correct":false,"count":"28,683"}]
Answers: "Tropic of Cancer","correct":false,"count":"55,220"
Answers: "Equator","correct":false,"count":"22,431"
Answers: "Tropic of Capricorn","correct":true,"count":"88,678"}]
Answers: "Bohemian Rhapsody","correct":true,"count":"137,474"
Answers: "Sweet Emotion","correct":false,"count":"15,472"
Answers: "Hey Jude","correct":false,"count":"9,461"}]
Answers: "South America","correct":true,"count":"70,112"
Answers: "Africa","correct":false,"count":"56,186"
Answers: "Asia","correct":false,"count":"31,412"}]
Answers: "Hatchling","correct":true,"count":"117,357"
Answers: "Chick","correct":false,"count":"9,610"
Answers: "Calf","correct":false,"count":"19,627"}]
Answers: "Venus","correct":true,"count":"66,608"
Answers: "Mars","correct":false,"count":"26,261"
Answers: "Neptune","correct":false,"count":"31,501"}]
Answers: "Just a Girl","correct":false,"count":"3,858"
Answers: "Hollaback Girl","correct":false,"count":"3,939"
Answers: "Sunday Girl","correct":true,"count":"64,135"}]
Answers: "Lettuce","correct":false,"count":"13,804"
Answers: "Kale","correct":true,"count":"26,276"
Answers: "Sunflowers","correct":false,"count":"23,502"}]
Answers: "Losing weight","correct":false,"count":"4,879"
Answers: "Swallowing","correct":true,"count":"24,815"
Answers: "Getting a haircut","correct":false,"count":"1,697"}]
Answers: "Emma","correct":false,"count":"3,897"
Answers: "Sense and Sensibility","correct":true,"count":"15,019"
Answers: "Pride and Prejudice","correct":false,"count":"6,407"}]
Answers: "Convocation","correct":false,"count":"2,241"
Answers: "Conspiracy","correct":false,"count":"1,492"
Answers: "Shrewdness","correct":true,"count":"13,137"}]
Answers: "Portland","correct":false,"count":"397"
Answers: "Seattle","correct":true,"count":"12,556"
Answers: "San Diego","correct":false,"count":"673"}]
Answers: "A Serious Man","correct":false,"count":"2,669"
Answers: "No Country for Old Men","correct":true,"count":"8,801"
Answers: "O Brother Where Art Thou","correct":false,"count":"1,062"}]
Answers: "Montell Jordan","correct":false,"count":"3,987"
Answers: "Led Zeppelin","correct":false,"count":"2,595"
Answers: "Taylor Swift","correct":true,"count":"119,738"}]
Answers: "Confide","correct":false,"count":"346"
Answers: "Invest","correct":false,"count":"399"
Answers: "Trust","correct":true,"count":"126,330"}]
Answers: "Keno","correct":false,"count":"1,832"
Answers: "Roulette","correct":false,"count":"8,659"
Answers: "Craps","correct":true,"count":"115,130"}]
Answers: "Africa","correct":true,"count":"103,382"
Answers: "Asia","correct":false,"count":"15,502"
Answers: "Europe","correct":false,"count":"5,840"}]
Answers: "Alien","correct":true,"count":"69,272"
Answers: "Psycho","correct":false,"count":"42,754"
Answers: "Predator","correct":false,"count":"8,215"}]
Answers: "Stable","correct":false,"count":"23,279"
Answers: "Saloon","correct":true,"count":"73,443"
Answers: "Jail","correct":false,"count":"18,149"}]
Answers: "Friday","correct":false,"count":"6,679"
Answers: "Saturday","correct":true,"count":"14,737"
Answers: "Sunday","correct":false,"count":"86,109"}]
Answers: "Mills Brothers","correct":false,"count":"11,126"
Answers: "Hills Brothers","correct":false,"count":"5,655"
Answers: "Smith Brothers","correct":true,"count":"32,385"}]
Answers: "Cornwall","correct":false,"count":"7,201"
Answers: "Brittany","correct":false,"count":"8,072"
Answers: "Isle of Wight","correct":true,"count":"17,961"}]
Answers: "The Standells","correct":true,"count":"2,294"
Answers: "Dropkick Murphys","correct":false,"count":"2,511"
Answers: "Neil Diamond","correct":false,"count":"14,551"}]
Answers: "Somalia","correct":false,"count":"623"
Answers: "Oman","correct":false,"count":"973"
Answers: "Yemen","correct":true,"count":"4,287"}]
Answers: "Superman","correct":false,"count":"1,567"
Answers: "Batman","correct":true,"count":"2,010"
Answers: "The Flash","correct":false,"count":"826"}]
Answers: "Swamp","correct":true,"count":"339,288"
Answers: "Australia","correct":false,"count":"5,502"
Answers: "Disneyland","correct":false,"count":"2,869"}]
Answers: "Awkwafina","correct":false,"count":"2,196"
Answers: "Cameron Diaz","correct":true,"count":"340,518"
Answers: "Betty White","correct":false,"count":"4,759"}]
Answers: "Townspeople","correct":true,"count":"141,825"
Answers: "Donkey","correct":false,"count":"170,127"
Answers: "Fairies","correct":false,"count":"31,838"}]
Answers: "Walking on the Sun","correct":true,"count":"254,116"
Answers: "I’m a Believer","correct":false,"count":"21,908"
Answers: "All Star","correct":false,"count":"45,650"}]
Answers: "Shrieking cat","correct":false,"count":"56,412"
Answers: "Rude father-in-law","correct":false,"count":"55,274"
Answers: "Excessive trumpeting","correct":true,"count":"197,925"}]
Answers: "Rules of Engagement","correct":false,"count":"13,748"
Answers: "3rd Rock from the Sun","correct":true,"count":"242,598"
Answers: "Frasier","correct":false,"count":"48,929"}]
Answers: "Fiona","correct":false,"count":"39,709"
Answers: "Shrek","correct":false,"count":"97,933"
Answers: "Old lady","correct":true,"count":"149,620"}]
Answers: "Stops","correct":false,"count":"19,359"
Answers: "Heroes","correct":false,"count":"25,080"
Answers: "Knights","correct":true,"count":"149,390"}]
Answers: "Hola!","correct":false,"count":"37,197"
Answers: "Por favor!","correct":true,"count":"65,882"}]
Answers: "Slug loofah","correct":false,"count":"3,597"
Answers: "Bug toothpaste","correct":false,"count":"10,696"
Answers: "Mud shower","correct":true,"count":"63,975"}]
Answers: "Teeth","correct":true,"count":"27,059"
Answers: "Fire breath","correct":false,"count":"7,044"
Answers: "Eyes","correct":false,"count":"32,857"}]
Answers: "Buying gingerbread house","correct":true,"count":"18,488"
Answers: "Driving a car","correct":false,"count":"9,204"
Answers: "Getting married","correct":false,"count":"5,456"}]
Answers: "Shark Tale","correct":false,"count":"4,388"
Answers: "The Prince of Egypt","correct":true,"count":"13,194"
Answers: "Bee Movie","correct":false,"count":"4,317"}]
Answers: "Well that explains a lot","correct":true,"count":"11,402"
Answers: "You’re beautiful","correct":false,"count":"2,342"}]
Answers: "Vampire Weekend","correct":true,"count":"208,280"
Answers: "Frankenstein Explosion","correct":false,"count":"18,578"
Answers: "Forty Minutes of Ghosts","correct":false,"count":"23,025"}]
Answers: "Dubbing","correct":false,"count":"49,963"
Answers: "Letterboxing","correct":true,"count":"185,996"
Answers: "Subtitling","correct":false,"count":"17,333"}]
Answers: "Picasso’s “Guernica”","correct":true,"count":"192,889"
Answers: "Rodin’s “Thinker”","correct":false,"count":"19,525"
Answers: "Michelangelo’s “David”","correct":false,"count":"31,635"}]
Answers: "United We Stand","correct":false,"count":"12,891"
Answers: "Dont Tread on Me","correct":true,"count":"207,383"
Answers: "Live Free or Die","correct":false,"count":"26,640"}]
Answers: "The Deathly Hallows","correct":false,"count":"55,482"
Answers: "The Half-Blood Prince","correct":true,"count":"146,085"
Answers: "The Order of the Phoenix","correct":false,"count":"33,096"}]
Answers: "A","correct":false,"count":"71,001"
Answers: "R","correct":true,"count":"97,216"
Answers: "J","correct":false,"count":"55,999"}]
Answers: "Stephen Hawking","correct":true,"count":"184,811"
Answers: "Steve Jobs","correct":false,"count":"13,946"
Answers: "Elon Musk","correct":false,"count":"13,770"}]
Answers: "Geography","correct":false,"count":"38,150"
Answers: "Audio engineering","correct":false,"count":"45,879"
Answers: "Sports","correct":true,"count":"107,320"}]
Answers: "Spiders","correct":false,"count":"16,158"
Answers: "Rats","correct":true,"count":"51,129"
Answers: "Snakes","correct":false,"count":"44,646"}]
Answers: "Linux","correct":false,"count":"6,281"
Answers: "Windows 95","correct":true,"count":"48,120"
Answers: "Mac OS X","correct":false,"count":"5,142"}]
Answers: "All You Need Is Love","correct":false,"count":"12,913"
Answers: "I Am the Walrus","correct":false,"count":"17,964"
Answers: "Hello Goodbye","correct":true,"count":"16,332"}]
Answers: "Guinea","correct":true,"count":"15,326"
Answers: "Aden","correct":false,"count":"8,242"
Answers: "Tadjoura","correct":false,"count":"1,861"}]
Answers: "Gamalielan","correct":false,"count":"1,558"
Answers: "Nicodemite","correct":true,"count":"9,431"
Answers: "Shamanist","correct":false,"count":"5,781"}]
Answers: "West Virginia","correct":true,"count":"6,414"
Answers: "Florida","correct":false,"count":"1,105"
Answers: "Oregon","correct":false,"count":"2,925"}]
Answers: "Window displays","correct":true,"count":"2,582"
Answers: "Meteorology","correct":false,"count":"2,151"
Answers: "The occult","correct":false,"count":"2,352"}]
Answers: "The ball drop","correct":false,"count":"1,934"
Answers: "Shot put","correct":true,"count":"84,475"
Answers: "Heavy metal","correct":false,"count":"822"}]
Answers: "Belmont Stakes","correct":true,"count":"57,568"
Answers: "Kentucky Derby","correct":false,"count":"11,764"
Answers: "Preakness Stakes","correct":false,"count":"18,126"}]
Answers: "Kevin Garnett","correct":false,"count":"15,455"
Answers: "Vince Carter","correct":true,"count":"60,387"
Answers: "Dirk Nowitzki","correct":false,"count":"9,524"}]
Answers: "On-base percentage","correct":false,"count":"24,727"
Answers: "Slugging percentage","correct":true,"count":"20,116"
Answers: "Batting average","correct":false,"count":"35,578"}]
Answers: "Cornerback","correct":false,"count":"8,680"
Answers: "Linebacker","correct":true,"count":"49,455"
Answers: "Safety","correct":false,"count":"15,897"}]
Answers: "Secretariat","correct":true,"count":"47,998"
Answers: "Seabiscuit","correct":false,"count":"12,236"
Answers: "Man o’ War","correct":false,"count":"12,204"}]
Answers: "Tyronn Lue","correct":true,"count":"32,016"
Answers: "Michael Jordan","correct":false,"count":"11,754"
Answers: "Kobe Bryant","correct":false,"count":"25,372"}]
Answers: "Nancy Kerrigan","correct":false,"count":"4,022"
Answers: "Michelle Kwan","correct":false,"count":"31,341"
Answers: "Sarah Hughes","correct":true,"count":"10,684"}]
Answers: "Atlanta Hawks","correct":false,"count":"2,266"
Answers: "Phoenix Suns","correct":true,"count":"10,308"
Answers: "Chicago Bulls","correct":false,"count":"2,996"}]
Answers: "First down","correct":false,"count":"147"
Answers: "End zone","correct":false,"count":"1,297"
Answers: "Snap to kicker","correct":true,"count":"9,348"}]
Answers: "Tampa Bay Lightning","correct":true,"count":"6,180"
Answers: "Pittsburgh Penguins","correct":false,"count":"1,118"
Answers: "Winnipeg Jets","correct":false,"count":"2,240"}]
Answers: "Tottenham Hotspur","correct":false,"count":"943"
Answers: "Blackburn Rovers","correct":true,"count":"2,769"
Answers: "Liverpool","correct":false,"count":"2,809"}]
Answers: "Ben Roethlisberger","correct":false,"count":"169"
Answers: "Philip Rivers","correct":true,"count":"3,008"
Answers: "Eli Manning","correct":false,"count":"380"}]
Answers: "Alex Ovechkin","correct":false,"count":"246"
Answers: "Sidney Crosby","correct":true,"count":"1,894"
Answers: "Jonathan Toews","correct":false,"count":"973"}]
Answers: "Jimmie Foxx","correct":false,"count":"615"
Answers: "Johnny Mize","correct":true,"count":"477"
Answers: "Barry Bonds","correct":false,"count":"987"}]
Answers: "Vanished","correct":true,"count":"197,366"
Answers: "Tagged you in a post","correct":false,"count":"3,679"
Answers: "Engulfed the galaxy","correct":false,"count":"28,526"}]
Answers: "OK","correct":true,"count":"199,681"
Answers: "HQ","correct":false,"count":"31,304"
Answers: "42","correct":false,"count":"6,178"}]
Answers: "Arm","correct":false,"count":"4,628"
Answers: "Leg","correct":false,"count":"2,780"
Answers: "Head","correct":true,"count":"229,187"}]
Answers: "Onigiri","correct":false,"count":"46,928"
Answers: "Tiramisu","correct":false,"count":"70,563"
Answers: "Saganaki","correct":true,"count":"115,043"}]
Answers: "Hockey","correct":false,"count":"11,702"
Answers: "Baseball","correct":true,"count":"200,679"
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"13,833"}]
Answers: "Fourth Doctor","correct":false,"count":"57,165"
Answers: "Ninth Doctor","correct":false,"count":"80,900"
Answers: "Twelfth Doctor","correct":true,"count":"82,082"}]
Answers: "Africa","correct":true,"count":"93,785"
Answers: "Asia","correct":false,"count":"80,711"
Answers: "Europe","correct":false,"count":"27,663"}]
Answers: "Rutherford B. Hayes","correct":false,"count":"9,714"
Answers: "Warren G. Harding","correct":false,"count":"33,723"
Answers: "Dwight D. Eisenhower","correct":true,"count":"87,629"}]
Answers: "Lumming","correct":false,"count":"15,404"
Answers: "Curmuring","correct":false,"count":"28,025"
Answers: "Flyting","correct":true,"count":"46,816"}]
Answers: "Singer","correct":false,"count":"8,648"
Answers: "Designer","correct":false,"count":"12,243"
Answers: "Author","correct":true,"count":"25,967"}]
Answers: "Commander-in-Chief","correct":true,"count":"22,725"
Answers: "Sacred Cow","correct":false,"count":"4,340"
Answers: "Independence","correct":false,"count":"2,668"}]
Answers: "Othello","correct":true,"count":"15,946"
Answers: "Richard III","correct":false,"count":"2,133"
Answers: "Julius Caesar","correct":false,"count":"5,565"}]
Answers: "Tantalum","correct":false,"count":"687"
Answers: "Niobium","correct":true,"count":"8,241"
Answers: "Vanadium","correct":false,"count":"8,077"}]
Answers: "Preposition","correct":false,"count":"1,480"
Answers: "Noun","correct":true,"count":"4,744"
Answers: "Adjective","correct":false,"count":"1,627"}]
Answers: "Ashley Benson","correct":false,"count":"21,737"
Answers: "Ashton Kutcher","correct":false,"count":"27,504"
Answers: "Ash Ketchum","correct":true,"count":"276,504"}]
Answers: "Pop Music","correct":false,"count":"1,953"
Answers: "Pocket Monsters","correct":true,"count":"319,092"
Answers: "Poor Mobility","correct":false,"count":"2,232"}]
Answers: "Jynx","correct":false,"count":"33,452"
Answers: "Jigglypuff","correct":true,"count":"267,570"
Answers: "Garbodor","correct":false,"count":"20,529"}]
Answers: "Sound recording","correct":false,"count":"4,060"
Answers: "Mimicry","correct":true,"count":"219,609"
Answers: "Duplicating itself","correct":false,"count":"90,904"}]
Answers: "Generate rain","correct":false,"count":"23,556"
Answers: "Shoot sparks","correct":false,"count":"57,236"
Answers: "Store moonlight","correct":true,"count":"222,941"}]
Answers: "Azurill","correct":true,"count":"209,591"
Answers: "Sawk","correct":false,"count":"29,560"
Answers: "Tauros","correct":false,"count":"53,615"}]
Answers: "Sloth","correct":false,"count":"90,558"
Answers: "Tapir","correct":true,"count":"120,207"
Answers: "Anteater","correct":false,"count":"65,594"}]
Answers: "Blade Runner","correct":true,"count":"53,679"
Answers: "War of the Worlds","correct":false,"count":"16,055"
Answers: "Minority Report","correct":false,"count":"14,991"}]
Answers: "Jackie Chan","correct":false,"count":"4,909"
Answers: "Jet Li","correct":true,"count":"48,176"
Answers: "Bruce Lee","correct":false,"count":"4,373"}]
Answers: "Chocolate milkshake","correct":false,"count":"730"
Answers: "Vanilla ice cream cone","correct":true,"count":"45,955"
Answers: "Banana split","correct":false,"count":"2,120"}]
Answers: "Kabuto","correct":false,"count":"3,025"
Answers: "Aerodactyl","correct":false,"count":"16,245"
Answers: "Omanyte","correct":true,"count":"26,712"}]
Answers: "Arrive safely to Kanto","correct":false,"count":"213"
Answers: "Win 8 badges","correct":true,"count":"32,783"
Answers: "Drink Max Potions","correct":false,"count":"411"}]
Answers: "Two tongues","correct":false,"count":"1,748"
Answers: "Spine spikes","correct":true,"count":"6,945"
Answers: "One big horn","correct":false,"count":"24,137"}]
Answers: "Color","correct":false,"count":"8,898"
Answers: "Speed","correct":true,"count":"3,960"
Answers: "Cuteness","correct":false,"count":"3,253"}]
Answers: "Yellow","correct":false,"count":"4,815"
Answers: "Red","correct":false,"count":"21,889"
Answers: "Blue","correct":true,"count":"51,294"}]
Answers: "First baseman","correct":false,"count":"4,297"
Answers: "Pitcher","correct":false,"count":"9,605"
Answers: "Catcher","correct":true,"count":"58,079"}]
Answers: "100 yards","correct":false,"count":"9,479"
Answers: "10 yards","correct":false,"count":"2,968"
Answers: "40 yards","correct":true,"count":"60,053"}]
Answers: "Andre Iguodala","correct":true,"count":"9,653"
Answers: "Giannis Antetokounmpo","correct":false,"count":"47,583"
Answers: "Kevin Durant","correct":false,"count":"13,429"}]
Answers: "Blocking ball with ball","correct":true,"count":"39,776"
Answers: "Headshots","correct":false,"count":"14,400"
Answers: "Team timeouts","correct":false,"count":"7,703"}]
Answers: "Tom Brady","correct":false,"count":"10,135"
Answers: "Aaron Rodgers","correct":false,"count":"9,927"
Answers: "Russell Wilson","correct":true,"count":"39,625"}]
Answers: "Golden State Warriors","correct":true,"count":"20,486"
Answers: "Toronto Raptors","correct":false,"count":"16,593"
Answers: "Houston Rockets","correct":false,"count":"20,400"}]
Answers: "Sidney Crosby","correct":true,"count":"14,809"
Answers: "Connor McDavid","correct":false,"count":"14,598"
Answers: "Wayne Gretzky","correct":false,"count":"7,993"}]
Answers: "Technical","correct":false,"count":"3,408"
Answers: "Personal","correct":false,"count":"2,413"
Answers: "Flagrant","correct":true,"count":"10,610"}]
Answers: "South Korea","correct":false,"count":"5,486"
Answers: "Soviet Union","correct":false,"count":"2,622"
Answers: "USA","correct":true,"count":"2,683"}]
Answers: "Madison Bumgarner","correct":false,"count":"643"
Answers: "Noah Syndergaard","correct":true,"count":"2,985"
Answers: "Max Scherzer","correct":false,"count":"538"}]
Answers: "Greg Norman","correct":true,"count":"1,502"
Answers: "Rory McIlroy","correct":false,"count":"1,027"
Answers: "Phil Mickelson","correct":false,"count":"715"}]
Answers: "Bodak Yellow","correct":false,"count":"4,443"
Answers: "Johnny B. Goode","correct":true,"count":"300,359"
Answers: "Old Town Road","correct":false,"count":"10,118"}]
Answers: "Swinging ’60s","correct":false,"count":"16,504"
Answers: "Wild West","correct":true,"count":"285,538"
Answers: "Roaring ’20s","correct":false,"count":"14,140"}]
Answers: "Blazer","correct":false,"count":"19,114"
Answers: "Trench coat","correct":false,"count":"29,489"
Answers: "Puffy vest","correct":true,"count":"260,671"}]
Answers: "Grass","correct":false,"count":"28,054"
Answers: "Water","correct":true,"count":"259,705"
Answers: "Roads","correct":false,"count":"17,989"}]
Answers: "Sister","correct":false,"count":"99,268"
Answers: "Brother","correct":true,"count":"119,141"
Answers: "Neither","correct":false,"count":"82,454"}]
Answers: "Boston Red Sox","correct":false,"count":"45,969"
Answers: "Chicago Cubs","correct":true,"count":"228,305"
Answers: "Kansas City Royals","correct":false,"count":"7,350"}]
Answers: "Mr. Strickland","correct":true,"count":"94,690"
Answers: "George McFly","correct":false,"count":"100,500"
Answers: "Jennifer Parker","correct":false,"count":"68,270"}]
Answers: "The captain","correct":false,"count":"37,709"
Answers: "The villain","correct":true,"count":"77,252"
Answers: "The mom","correct":false,"count":"41,993"}]
Answers: "And that’s not all!","correct":false,"count":"6,877"
Answers: "You’re telling me!","correct":false,"count":"25,555"
Answers: "I know, this is heavy!","correct":true,"count":"54,276"}]
Answers: "Scream","correct":false,"count":"13,651"
Answers: "The Mummy","correct":false,"count":"10,421"
Answers: "The Lord of the Rings","correct":true,"count":"33,174"}]
Answers: "Young","correct":false,"count":"6,727"
Answers: "Thin","correct":true,"count":"27,669"
Answers: "Pretty","correct":false,"count":"2,681"}]
Answers: "McFly Jr. Caught!","correct":false,"count":"895"
Answers: "Teen Bandit Apprehended","correct":false,"count":"3,471"
Answers: "Youth Jailed","correct":true,"count":"24,726"}]
Answers: "Jackie Gleason","correct":true,"count":"23,287"
Answers: "Johnny Carson","correct":false,"count":"553"
Answers: "Lucille Ball","correct":false,"count":"1,403"}]
Answers: "The Girl Can’t Help It","correct":false,"count":"1,481"
Answers: "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes","correct":false,"count":"10,626"
Answers: "Gilda","correct":true,"count":"11,301"}]
Answers: "Marty, it worked!","correct":false,"count":"3,281"
Answers: "Great Scott!","correct":false,"count":"1,711"
Answers: "What did I tell you!","correct":true,"count":"8,906"}]
Answers: "Tuxedo","correct":true,"count":"107,065"
Answers: "Beer-can helmet","correct":false,"count":"645"
Answers: "Crocs","correct":false,"count":"876"}]
Answers: "Super Bowl","correct":false,"count":"590"
Answers: "Oscars","correct":false,"count":"4,351"
Answers: "Met Gala","correct":true,"count":"105,585"}]
Answers: "Basketball court","correct":true,"count":"107,291"
Answers: "Football field","correct":false,"count":"1,623"
Answers: "Baseball diamond","correct":false,"count":"796"}]
Answers: "Andrew Johnson","correct":true,"count":"67,946"
Answers: "Ulysses S. Grant","correct":false,"count":"23,750"
Answers: "James Buchanan","correct":false,"count":"17,096"}]
Answers: "Obsequious","correct":false,"count":"20,069"
Answers: "Sluggish","correct":false,"count":"6,095"
Answers: "Perspicacious","correct":true,"count":"76,836"}]
Answers: "Novel","correct":false,"count":"23,171"
Answers: "Cartoon","correct":false,"count":"27,988"
Answers: "Movie","correct":true,"count":"50,271"}]
Answers: "Beluga lobster","correct":false,"count":"5,218"
Answers: "Beluga sturgeon","correct":true,"count":"59,716"
Answers: "Beluga whale","correct":false,"count":"29,688"}]
Answers: "Monday Night Football","correct":false,"count":"21,513"
Answers: "Home Improvement","correct":true,"count":"29,336"
Answers: "Mythbusters","correct":false,"count":"18,543"}]
Answers: "Fermat’s Last Theorem","correct":false,"count":"10,480"
Answers: "Poincaré Conjecture","correct":false,"count":"10,875"
Answers: "Goldbach Conjecture","correct":true,"count":"10,702"}]
Answers: "China","correct":true,"count":"5,928"
Answers: "Russia","correct":false,"count":"4,013"
Answers: "Brazil","correct":false,"count":"4,281"}]
Answers: "Yes","correct":false,"count":"695"
Answers: "XTC","correct":true,"count":"5,393"
Answers: "Oasis","correct":false,"count":"1,227"}]
Answers: "Super Bowl","correct":false,"count":"655"
Answers: "New millennium","correct":false,"count":"3,003"
Answers: "Presidential election","correct":true,"count":"1,907"}]
Answers: "Bellissima!","correct":false,"count":"8,677"
Answers: "Mamma mia!","correct":false,"count":"1,563"
Answers: "Il conto per favore!","correct":true,"count":"87,417"}]
Answers: "Transportation","correct":true,"count":"92,694"
Answers: "Telecommunications","correct":false,"count":"5,530"
Answers: "Tambourine","correct":false,"count":"275"}]
Answers: "Goldenrod","correct":false,"count":"1,204"
Answers: "Cerulean","correct":true,"count":"91,394"
Answers: "Razzmatazz","correct":false,"count":"5,044"}]
Answers: "Lovebirds","correct":false,"count":"19,148"
Answers: "Boobirds","correct":true,"count":"48,163"
Answers: "Catbirds","correct":false,"count":"27,601"}]
Answers: "Port quarter","correct":true,"count":"26,193"
Answers: "Starboard quarter","correct":false,"count":"22,438"
Answers: "Starboard bow","correct":false,"count":"32,042"}]
Answers: "Baby","correct":true,"count":"48,237"
Answers: "Teenager","correct":false,"count":"14,791"
Answers: "Retiree","correct":false,"count":"25,796"}]
Answers: "Sleepy mouse","correct":false,"count":"16,371"
Answers: "Cranky dog","correct":false,"count":"16,125"
Answers: "Uptight bird","correct":true,"count":"51,311"}]
Answers: "Harding / Hoover","correct":false,"count":"5,417"
Answers: "Eisenhower / Nixon","correct":true,"count":"25,336"
Answers: "Kennedy / Roosevelt","correct":false,"count":"30,820"}]
Answers: "Karl Lagerfeld","correct":false,"count":"5,438"
Answers: "Marc Jacobs","correct":false,"count":"9,486"
Answers: "Tom Ford","correct":true,"count":"12,375"}]
Answers: "Russia","correct":false,"count":"1,291"
Answers: "Poland","correct":false,"count":"3,162"
Answers: "Sweden","correct":true,"count":"9,074"}]
Answers: "Marc Chagall","correct":true,"count":"8,203"
Answers: "Gustav Klimt","correct":false,"count":"726"
Answers: "Henri Matisse","correct":false,"count":"879"}]
Answers: "Ebenezer Scrooge","correct":false,"count":"1,283"
Answers: "The Scarlet Pimpernel","correct":true,"count":"5,476"
Answers: "Sherlock Holmes","correct":false,"count":"1,623"}]
Answers: "Rami Malek","correct":false,"count":"8,646"
Answers: "Kanye West","correct":false,"count":"8,905"
Answers: "Lady Gaga","correct":true,"count":"196,016"}]
Answers: "Skiing weather","correct":false,"count":"1,370"
Answers: "Rosh Hashanah","correct":false,"count":"1,917"
Answers: "Another day","correct":true,"count":"215,434"}]
Answers: "Presidents","correct":false,"count":"2,817"
Answers: "Representatives","correct":true,"count":"184,931"
Answers: "Senators","correct":false,"count":"28,496"}]
Answers: "Peanuts","correct":true,"count":"189,170"
Answers: "Pumpkins","correct":false,"count":"24,437"
Answers: "Peaches","correct":false,"count":"2,071"}]
Answers: "Border Collie","correct":true,"count":"147,714"
Answers: "German Shepherd","correct":false,"count":"4,674"
Answers: "Old English Sheepdog","correct":false,"count":"61,539"}]
Answers: "High tea","correct":true,"count":"196,307"
Answers: "Quick tea","correct":false,"count":"6,407"
Answers: "Side tea","correct":false,"count":"5,582"}]
Answers: "Female","correct":true,"count":"83,280"
Answers: "Male","correct":false,"count":"41,329"
Answers: "It’s never disclosed","correct":false,"count":"81,061"}]
Answers: "Cypriot","correct":true,"count":"68,479"
Answers: "Cypress","correct":false,"count":"11,968"
Answers: "Cyprene","correct":false,"count":"43,209"}]
Answers: "Chess","correct":false,"count":"25,873"
Answers: "Othello","correct":false,"count":"22,702"
Answers: "Connect Four","correct":true,"count":"20,218"}]
Answers: "Sammy Hagar","correct":false,"count":"3,178"
Answers: "David Lee Roth","correct":false,"count":"1,608"
Answers: "Ronnie James Dio","correct":true,"count":"24,047"}]
Answers: "Compass","correct":false,"count":"7,551"
Answers: "Tuning fork","correct":false,"count":"4,769"
Answers: "Bubble level","correct":true,"count":"11,127"}]
Answers: "Shinto","correct":false,"count":"3,242"
Answers: "Zoroastrian","correct":true,"count":"9,454"
Answers: "Luo","correct":false,"count":"841"}]
Answers: "Lesotho","correct":true,"count":"7,107"
Answers: "Iceland","correct":false,"count":"412"
Answers: "Nepal","correct":false,"count":"2,638"}]
Answers: "Vehicle","correct":false,"count":"198"
Answers: "Fabric","correct":true,"count":"6,084"
Answers: "Predator","correct":false,"count":"1,034"}]
Answers: "MLB","correct":true,"count":"3,650"
Answers: "NBA","correct":false,"count":"1,190"
Answers: "NFL","correct":false,"count":"1,196"}]
Answers: "Right","correct":true,"count":"46,356"
Answers: "Left","correct":false,"count":"15,212"
Answers: "Both","correct":false,"count":"1,547"}]
Answers: "Screwball","correct":false,"count":"3,413"
Answers: "Knuckleball","correct":true,"count":"53,977"
Answers: "Curveball","correct":false,"count":"6,460"}]
Answers: "Manchester City","correct":false,"count":"9,850"
Answers: "Liverpool","correct":true,"count":"45,656"
Answers: "Roma","correct":false,"count":"7,307"}]
Answers: "Nikola Jokic","correct":false,"count":"23,750"
Answers: "Steph Curry","correct":false,"count":"20,797"
Answers: "Rudy Gobert","correct":true,"count":"16,657"}]
Answers: "Ben Roethlisberger","correct":true,"count":"17,858"
Answers: "Cam Newton","correct":false,"count":"14,303"
Answers: "Sam Darnold","correct":false,"count":"25,871"}]
Answers: "Germany","correct":true,"count":"23,100"
Answers: "Sweden","correct":false,"count":"16,543"
Answers: "Finland","correct":false,"count":"15,032"}]
Answers: "Most turnovers","correct":false,"count":"6,826"
Answers: "Most free throws made","correct":false,"count":"18,638"
Answers: "Most 3-point attempts","correct":true,"count":"27,035"}]
Answers: "Matt Hughes","correct":false,"count":"10,870"
Answers: "Demetrious Johnson","correct":false,"count":"12,297"
Answers: "Donald Cerrone","correct":true,"count":"17,372"}]
Answers: "Vince Coleman","correct":false,"count":"4,470"
Answers: "Ozzie Smith","correct":false,"count":"6,655"
Answers: "Harold Reynolds","correct":true,"count":"7,563"}]
Answers: "Edmonton Oilers","correct":true,"count":"3,351"
Answers: "Tampa Bay Lightning","correct":false,"count":"2,587"
Answers: "Washington Capitals","correct":false,"count":"2,523"}]
Answers: "USA","correct":false,"count":"475"
Answers: "Trinidad & Tobago","correct":true,"count":"2,303"
Answers: "Japan","correct":false,"count":"1,592"}]
Answers: "Giancarlo Stanton","correct":false,"count":"831"
Answers: "Nolan Arenado","correct":true,"count":"1,500"
Answers: "Nelson Cruz","correct":false,"count":"496"}]
Answers: "Pikachu dancing","correct":true,"count":"207,645"
Answers: "Ryan Reynolds cursing","correct":false,"count":"37,137"
Answers: "Matt Richards singing","correct":false,"count":"5,065"}]
Answers: "United States","correct":false,"count":"83,725"
Answers: "Japan","correct":false,"count":"49,519"
Answers: "Greenland","correct":true,"count":"117,532"}]
Answers: "1780s","correct":false,"count":"14,935"
Answers: "1880s","correct":false,"count":"111,631"
Answers: "1980s","correct":true,"count":"118,529"}]
Answers: "Helter Skelter","correct":false,"count":"57,165"
Answers: "Let It Be","correct":false,"count":"64,769"
Answers: "Norwegian Wood","correct":true,"count":"118,230"}]
Answers: "West Virginia","correct":true,"count":"97,701"
Answers: "Kentucky","correct":false,"count":"87,717"
Answers: "Pennsylvania","correct":false,"count":"39,510"}]
Answers: "Anellini","correct":true,"count":"29,081"
Answers: "Orecchiette","correct":false,"count":"73,699"
Answers: "Agnolotti","correct":false,"count":"31,057"}]
Answers: "Aphrodite","correct":true,"count":"15,624"
Answers: "Athena","correct":false,"count":"6,533"
Answers: "Helen of Troy","correct":false,"count":"20,715"}]
Answers: "Ceiling","correct":false,"count":"7,569"
Answers: "Wall","correct":true,"count":"9,071"
Answers: "Floor","correct":false,"count":"1,801"}]
Answers: "Author’s daughter","correct":false,"count":"1,564"
Answers: "Brand of honey","correct":false,"count":"389"
Answers: "Canadian city","correct":true,"count":"8,376"}]
Answers: "Homo sapiens","correct":false,"count":"708"
Answers: "Homo habilis","correct":false,"count":"913"
Answers: "Homo erectus","correct":true,"count":"6,983"}]
Answers: "Birmingham","correct":true,"count":"5,637"
Answers: "Belfast","correct":false,"count":"661"
Answers: "Glasgow","correct":false,"count":"906"}]
Answers: "Phuket","correct":false,"count":"500"
Answers: "Delhi","correct":false,"count":"5,004"
Answers: "Atlanta","correct":true,"count":"430"}]
Answers: "Card tricks","correct":true,"count":"1,351"
Answers: "Ragtime songs","correct":false,"count":"166"
Answers: "Dance moves","correct":false,"count":"131"}]
Answers: "Dark theme","correct":true,"count":"91,555"
Answers: "Dank theme","correct":false,"count":"4,052"
Answers: "Dap theme","correct":false,"count":"3,339"}]
Answers: "Rare","correct":false,"count":"16,924"
Answers: "Medium rare","correct":true,"count":"78,117"
Answers: "Massively rare","correct":false,"count":"3,034"}]
Answers: "Acid","correct":true,"count":"69,922"
Answers: "Articles","correct":false,"count":"7,546"
Answers: "Antibodies","correct":false,"count":"17,874"}]
Answers: "Gone Girl","correct":false,"count":"49,438"
Answers: "50 Shades of Grey","correct":true,"count":"28,203"
Answers: "The Hunger Games","correct":false,"count":"15,631"}]
Answers: "Purple Finch","correct":true,"count":"62,383"
Answers: "Purple Honeycreeper","correct":false,"count":"8,624"
Answers: "Splendid Sunbird","correct":false,"count":"18,978"}]
Answers: "Sydney","correct":false,"count":"16,921"
Answers: "Shanghai","correct":false,"count":"24,524"
Answers: "Seoul","correct":true,"count":"46,744"}]
Answers: "Marley","correct":false,"count":"18,964"
Answers: "Scooby Doo","correct":true,"count":"53,705"
Answers: "Wishbone","correct":false,"count":"9,960"}]
Answers: "Etiquette","correct":false,"count":"13,290"
Answers: "Operating system","correct":true,"count":"35,769"
Answers: "Spanish","correct":false,"count":"17,495"}]
Answers: "Recently fired","correct":false,"count":"7,098"
Answers: "On vacation","correct":true,"count":"15,288"
Answers: "Retired","correct":false,"count":"15,107"}]
Answers: "Nintendo","correct":false,"count":"2,064"
Answers: "Sega","correct":false,"count":"5,202"
Answers: "Atari","correct":true,"count":"9,647"}]
Answers: "Brahms","correct":true,"count":"5,597"
Answers: "Mozart","correct":false,"count":"2,578"
Answers: "Beethoven","correct":false,"count":"2,133"}]
Answers: "A Lot of Livin’ to Do","correct":true,"count":"2,891"
Answers: "When You’re a Jet","correct":false,"count":"1,393"
Answers: "Summer Nights","correct":false,"count":"2,123"}]
Answers: "Go Fish","correct":true,"count":"217,832"
Answers: "Go Get Me a Coffee","correct":false,"count":"977"
Answers: "Go Back to Your Home","correct":false,"count":"471"}]
Answers: "Blue Bomber","correct":true,"count":"208,822"
Answers: "Saffron Snowflake","correct":false,"count":"5,588"
Answers: "Carnelian Coward","correct":false,"count":"4,332"}]
Answers: "Kendama","correct":false,"count":"1,573"
Answers: "Jenga","correct":true,"count":"217,403"
Answers: "Shogi","correct":false,"count":"2,543"}]
Answers: "Gomoku","correct":false,"count":"19,588"
Answers: "Parcheesi","correct":true,"count":"176,622"
Answers: "Cribbage","correct":false,"count":"23,034"}]
Answers: "“Sounds like”","correct":true,"count":"204,918"
Answers: "“Say it again”","correct":false,"count":"9,733"
Answers: "\"Music\"","correct":false,"count":"2,854"}]
Answers: "Nouns","correct":false,"count":"67,953"
Answers: "Adjectives","correct":true,"count":"77,419"
Answers: "Verbs","correct":false,"count":"66,784"}]
Answers: "Brick","correct":false,"count":"63,545"
Answers: "Water","correct":true,"count":"109,383"
Answers: "Lumber","correct":false,"count":"27,854"}]
Answers: "Quirrell","correct":false,"count":"17,957"
Answers: "Qwirkle","correct":true,"count":"116,433"
Answers: "Squircle","correct":false,"count":"10,706"}]
Answers: "Pandemic","correct":true,"count":"91,555"
Answers: "Carcassonne","correct":false,"count":"8,205"
Answers: "Ticket to Ride","correct":false,"count":"17,088"}]
Answers: "Pente","correct":false,"count":"10,037"
Answers: "Tic-tac-toe","correct":true,"count":"73,169"
Answers: "Connect Four","correct":false,"count":"10,411"}]
Answers: "Reverse","correct":false,"count":"17,947"
Answers: "Zero","correct":true,"count":"29,651"
Answers: "Draw Two","correct":false,"count":"26,475"}]
Answers: "Monopoly","correct":false,"count":"23,706"
Answers: "Checkers","correct":true,"count":"10,355"
Answers: "Backgammon","correct":false,"count":"7,830"}]
Answers: "Investing","correct":true,"count":"11,987"
Answers: "Car repair","correct":false,"count":"1,407"
Answers: "Mining","correct":false,"count":"5,288"}]
Answers: "Professor Plum","correct":false,"count":"573"
Answers: "Mr. Potato Head","correct":true,"count":"9,943"
Answers: "Rich Uncle Pennybags","correct":false,"count":"2,018"}]
Answers: "Golden Girls Monopoly","correct":false,"count":"4,482"
Answers: "Miami Dolphins Monopoly","correct":false,"count":"1,734"
Answers: "Funopoly","correct":true,"count":"3,905"}]
Answers: "My Shot","correct":true,"count":"213,502"
Answers: "My Bot","correct":false,"count":"4,363"
Answers: "My Hot Pot","correct":false,"count":"9,301"}]
Answers: "Concealing","correct":false,"count":"7,962"
Answers: "Cooking","correct":true,"count":"208,311"
Answers: "Carrying","correct":false,"count":"7,717"}]
Answers: "#HammiesUnite","correct":false,"count":"27,182"
Answers: "#HammoLotto","correct":false,"count":"84,229"
Answers: "#Ham4Ham","correct":true,"count":"109,647"}]
Answers: "Football coach","correct":false,"count":"71,149"
Answers: "Financial manager","correct":true,"count":"116,881"
Answers: "Lawyer","correct":false,"count":"25,136"}]
Answers: "Shrek","correct":false,"count":"69,938"
Answers: "The Phantom of the Opera","correct":true,"count":"64,161"
Answers: "The Book of Mormon","correct":false,"count":"62,709"}]
Answers: "The Game Plan","correct":false,"count":"18,306"
Answers: "Get Smart","correct":false,"count":"15,637"
Answers: "The Tooth Fairy","correct":true,"count":"158,750"}]
Answers: "Where it happens","correct":false,"count":"33,495"
Answers: "Click boom","correct":true,"count":"105,251"
Answers: "Alexander Hamilton","correct":false,"count":"43,282"}]
Answers: "Rampage","correct":false,"count":"6,799"
Answers: "The Scorpion King","correct":false,"count":"33,378"
Answers: "Hercules","correct":true,"count":"94,789"}]
Answers: "Nicki Minaj","correct":true,"count":"26,555"
Answers: "Lil’ Kim","correct":false,"count":"11,751"
Answers: "Beyoncé","correct":false,"count":"59,147"}]
Answers: "A stranger","correct":true,"count":"26,382"
Answers: "His daughter","correct":false,"count":"3,586"
Answers: "His wife","correct":false,"count":"3,746"}]
Answers: "Marquis de Lafayette","correct":false,"count":"5,645"
Answers: "John Laurens","correct":true,"count":"8,234"
Answers: "Alexander Hamilton","correct":false,"count":"12,833"}]
Answers: "All-4-One","correct":false,"count":"1,930"
Answers: "Boyz II Men","correct":false,"count":"3,966"
Answers: "En Vogue","correct":true,"count":"8,197"}]
Answers: "Diagonals","correct":false,"count":"1,147"
Answers: "Arcs","correct":true,"count":"5,863"
Answers: "Jagged lines","correct":false,"count":"2,010"}]
Answers: "FaceTime audition","correct":false,"count":"628"
Answers: "Social media demand","correct":true,"count":"3,457"
Answers: "Friendship with director","correct":false,"count":"1,997"}]
Answers: "Pulled up the sky","correct":false,"count":"562"
Answers: "Lassoed the sun","correct":false,"count":"359"
Answers: "Lit up the moon","correct":true,"count":"2,800"}]
Answers: "Uber","correct":false,"count":"45,571"
Answers: "Lyft","correct":false,"count":"41,893"
Answers: "Amazon","correct":true,"count":"127,218"}]
Answers: "Blue whale","correct":false,"count":"75,005"
Answers: "Earthworm","correct":true,"count":"123,375"
Answers: "Cobra","correct":false,"count":"10,069"}]
Answers: "Indian Ocean","correct":false,"count":"36,246"
Answers: "Atlantic Ocean","correct":false,"count":"40,237"
Answers: "Pacific Ocean","correct":true,"count":"128,305"}]
Answers: "Diamond polishing","correct":false,"count":"10,489"
Answers: "Copying text","correct":true,"count":"171,332"
Answers: "Dating fossils","correct":false,"count":"19,448"}]
Answers: "The Sound and the Fury","correct":true,"count":"54,216"
Answers: "The Call of the Wild","correct":false,"count":"46,530"
Answers: "Last of the Mohicans","correct":false,"count":"87,232"}]
Answers: "Spain","correct":true,"count":"67,107"
Answers: "Ireland","correct":false,"count":"75,775"
Answers: "Turkey","correct":false,"count":"42,343"}]
Answers: "Sphere","correct":true,"count":"101,345"
Answers: "Torus","correct":false,"count":"10,823"
Answers: "Cone","correct":false,"count":"63,111"}]
Answers: "Aye","correct":true,"count":"46,478"
Answers: "Pit","correct":false,"count":"44,249"
Answers: "Ram","correct":false,"count":"38,734"}]
Answers: "Mexico","correct":false,"count":"4,129"
Answers: "Cuba","correct":false,"count":"24,312"
Answers: "Argentina","correct":true,"count":"29,485"}]
Answers: "Finland","correct":false,"count":"7,024"
Answers: "Japan","correct":true,"count":"22,749"
Answers: "South Africa","correct":false,"count":"1,650"}]
Answers: "Walter Mondale","correct":false,"count":"3,137"
Answers: "Hubert Humphrey","correct":false,"count":"4,075"
Answers: "George McGovern","correct":true,"count":"14,497"}]
Answers: "Reserved","correct":false,"count":"2,737"
Answers: "United","correct":true,"count":"10,112"
Answers: "Editor","correct":false,"count":"2,754"}]
Answers: "Ralph Waldo Emerson","correct":true,"count":"6,957"
Answers: "Friedrich Nietzsche","correct":false,"count":"2,501"
Answers: "Karl Marx","correct":false,"count":"1,774"}]
Answers: "Thirty Years’ War","correct":false,"count":"323"
Answers: "Eighty Years’ War","correct":false,"count":"1,006"
Answers: "Hundred Years’ War","correct":true,"count":"6,767"}]
Answers: "King","correct":false,"count":"3,998"
Answers: "Place","correct":false,"count":"1,216"
Answers: "Outfit","correct":true,"count":"1,506"}]
Answers: "Queen Elizabeth II","correct":false,"count":"6,053"
Answers: "Duchess Kate","correct":false,"count":"20,016"
Answers: "Duchess Meghan","correct":true,"count":"232,479"}]
Answers: "Marmee","correct":true,"count":"170,768"
Answers: "Mamalee","correct":false,"count":"72,331"
Answers: "Meowmie","correct":false,"count":"10,163"}]
Answers: "This Is Us","correct":true,"count":"210,807"
Answers: "Gilmore Girls","correct":false,"count":"12,752"
Answers: "Parenthood","correct":false,"count":"30,728"}]
Answers: "Wednesday","correct":false,"count":"5,966"
Answers: "Debbie","correct":true,"count":"231,744"
Answers: "Pugsley","correct":false,"count":"13,652"}]
Answers: "Katie Holmes","correct":true,"count":"174,914"
Answers: "Victoria Beckham","correct":false,"count":"30,715"
Answers: "Megan Fox","correct":false,"count":"43,610"}]
Answers: "Rosie","correct":true,"count":"72,476"
Answers: "Donna","correct":false,"count":"92,812"
Answers: "Tanya","correct":false,"count":"55,522"}]
Answers: "Gerald “Goofy” McGee","correct":false,"count":"38,237"
Answers: "Donald “Ducky” Mallard","correct":true,"count":"105,825"
Answers: "Mickey “Mouse” Gibbs","correct":false,"count":"66,897"}]
Answers: "Walter Matthau","correct":false,"count":"15,768"
Answers: "Yoda","correct":false,"count":"17,569"
Answers: "Crypt keeper","correct":true,"count":"109,415"}]
Answers: "The Way You Love Me","correct":false,"count":"17,692"
Answers: "I Hope You Dance","correct":true,"count":"81,206"
Answers: "You’re Still the One","correct":false,"count":"15,954"}]
Answers: "The Good Wife","correct":true,"count":"56,985"
Answers: "Royal Pains","correct":false,"count":"13,089"
Answers: "Suits","correct":false,"count":"15,041"}]
Answers: "Self-improvement","correct":false,"count":"3,164"
Answers: "Self-punishment","correct":true,"count":"49,258"
Answers: "Self-preservation","correct":false,"count":"8,064"}]
Answers: "Daenerys’s hair","correct":true,"count":"25,411"
Answers: "Dragon’s tails","correct":false,"count":"15,285"
Answers: "Drogon’s yell","correct":false,"count":"3,388"}]
Answers: "Dakota Johnson","correct":false,"count":"15,911"
Answers: "Gwyneth Paltrow","correct":false,"count":"9,638"
Answers: "Kate Hudson","correct":true,"count":"6,681"}]
Answers: "Rosalynn Carter","correct":false,"count":"3,266"
Answers: "Eleanor Roosevelt","correct":true,"count":"8,472"
Answers: "Lady Bird Johnson","correct":false,"count":"2,256"}]
Answers: "Rosie O’Donnell","correct":false,"count":"4,055"
Answers: "Oprah Winfrey","correct":true,"count":"2,427"
Answers: "Ellen DeGeneres","correct":false,"count":"2,670"}]
Answers: "Pole","correct":true,"count":"62,259"
Answers: "Fence","correct":false,"count":"4,689"
Answers: "Throne","correct":false,"count":"5,550"}]
Answers: "Bagel","correct":false,"count":"13,347"
Answers: "Baltimore chop","correct":false,"count":"10,111"
Answers: "Maddux","correct":true,"count":"47,116"}]
Answers: "Liverpool","correct":true,"count":"50,873"
Answers: "Arsenal","correct":false,"count":"8,873"
Answers: "Chelsea","correct":false,"count":"10,201"}]
Answers: "RBIs","correct":false,"count":"5,462"
Answers: "Steals","correct":false,"count":"50,543"
Answers: "Home runs","correct":true,"count":"12,105"}]
Answers: "Defensive tackle","correct":true,"count":"25,590"
Answers: "Linebacker","correct":false,"count":"17,092"
Answers: "Offensive tackle","correct":false,"count":"19,737"}]
Answers: "Tiger Woods","correct":true,"count":"48,642"
Answers: "Tom Brady","correct":false,"count":"6,074"
Answers: "Derek Jeter","correct":false,"count":"7,157"}]
Answers: "Davis Cup","correct":false,"count":"20,235"
Answers: "World Cup","correct":false,"count":"6,331"
Answers: "Fed Cup","correct":true,"count":"34,049"}]
Answers: "Chase Utley","correct":false,"count":"5,391"
Answers: "Shohei Ohtani","correct":false,"count":"12,915"
Answers: "Pablo Sandoval","correct":true,"count":"28,224"}]
Answers: "England","correct":true,"count":"7,813"
Answers: "New Zealand","correct":false,"count":"19,641"
Answers: "India","correct":false,"count":"2,914"}]
Answers: "Kareem Abdul-Jabbar","correct":false,"count":"1,142"
Answers: "Wilt Chamberlain","correct":true,"count":"3,630"
Answers: "Shaquille O’Neal","correct":false,"count":"5,741"}]
Answers: "Lionel Messi","correct":false,"count":"1,054"
Answers: "Eden Hazard","correct":true,"count":"2,920"
Answers: "Cristiano Ronaldo","correct":false,"count":"878"}]
Answers: "Chris Sale","correct":false,"count":"1,764"
Answers: "Adam Wainwright","correct":true,"count":"626"
Answers: "CC Sabathia","correct":false,"count":"1,376"}]
Answers: "Panem","correct":true,"count":"273,688"
Answers: "Vancouver","correct":false,"count":"8,722"
Answers: "Party City","correct":false,"count":"2,298"}]
Answers: "Cato","correct":false,"count":"13,606"
Answers: "Peeta","correct":true,"count":"253,983"
Answers: "Gale","correct":false,"count":"16,269"}]
Answers: "Jeffrey Wright","correct":false,"count":"78,376"
Answers: "Mahershala Ali","correct":false,"count":"58,069"
Answers: "Wes Bentley","correct":true,"count":"115,986"}]
Answers: "Hello","correct":false,"count":"30,090"
Answers: "Cry Me a River","correct":false,"count":"79,735"
Answers: "Fly Away","correct":true,"count":"136,439"}]
Answers: "Effie","correct":true,"count":"111,836"
Answers: "Guard","correct":false,"count":"18,570"
Answers: "Prim","correct":false,"count":"99,287"}]
Answers: "Transportation","correct":false,"count":"3,912"
Answers: "Agriculture","correct":true,"count":"37,138"
Answers: "Fishing","correct":false,"count":"6,424"}]
Answers: "The Hunger Games","correct":false,"count":"8,961"
Answers: "Planet of the Apes","correct":true,"count":"12,665"
Answers: "Star Wars","correct":false,"count":"17,083"}]
Answers: "Bracelet","correct":false,"count":"5,363"
Answers: "Hair clip","correct":true,"count":"8,200"
Answers: "Dress","correct":false,"count":"7,385"}]
Answers: "Prim","correct":false,"count":"2,370"
Answers: "Katniss","correct":false,"count":"1,816"
Answers: "Neither","correct":true,"count":"8,656"}]
Answers: "Blue","correct":true,"count":"8,085"
Answers: "Pink","correct":false,"count":"1,685"
Answers: "Blonde","correct":false,"count":"637"}]
Answers: "Don’t look at me.","correct":false,"count":"1,561"
Answers: "I’ll still cook you.","correct":true,"count":"6,615"
Answers: "Shut up.","correct":false,"count":"1,063"}]
Answers: "Software designer","correct":false,"count":"818"
Answers: "Sailor","correct":true,"count":"106,558"
Answers: "Taxi dispatcher","correct":false,"count":"393"}]
Answers: "Business","correct":false,"count":"539"
Answers: "Broadcasting","correct":true,"count":"106,566"
Answers: "Buffering","correct":false,"count":"156"}]
Answers: "Middle","correct":false,"count":"3,189"
Answers: "Right side","correct":true,"count":"87,272"
Answers: "Left side","correct":false,"count":"16,486"}]
Answers: "W","correct":false,"count":"5,005"
Answers: "H","correct":true,"count":"85,731"
Answers: "L","correct":false,"count":"13,602"}]
Answers: "Punch Out Go Home Time","correct":false,"count":"7,127"
Answers: "Peanut Butter Jelly Time","correct":true,"count":"93,255"
Answers: "Pink Lemonade Time","correct":false,"count":"3,662"}]
Answers: "DreamWorks","correct":false,"count":"30,516"
Answers: "United Artists","correct":false,"count":"49,789"
Answers: "Walt Disney Studios","correct":true,"count":"18,735"}]
Answers: "Bulgaria","correct":false,"count":"11,048"
Answers: "Hungary","correct":true,"count":"54,021"
Answers: "Romania","correct":false,"count":"19,423"}]
Answers: "Hera","correct":false,"count":"11,183"
Answers: "Hestia","correct":false,"count":"7,326"
Answers: "Hermes","correct":true,"count":"49,302"}]
Answers: "France","correct":true,"count":"14,577"
Answers: "China","correct":false,"count":"11,888"
Answers: "USSR","correct":false,"count":"24,823"}]
Answers: "Axolotl","correct":false,"count":"3,188"
Answers: "Chameleon","correct":true,"count":"13,054"
Answers: "Salamander","correct":false,"count":"1,831"}]
Answers: "Nor","correct":true,"count":"9,773"
Answers: "Although","correct":false,"count":"1,695"
Answers: "For","correct":false,"count":"2,385"}]
Answers: "Scouser","correct":false,"count":"661"
Answers: "Brummie","correct":false,"count":"1,615"
Answers: "Geordie","correct":true,"count":"8,641"}]
Answers: "Kazakhstan / Tajikistan","correct":false,"count":"411"
Answers: "Kyrgyzstan /Turkmenistan","correct":false,"count":"1,225"
Answers: "Afghanistan / Uzbekistan","correct":true,"count":"7,533"}]
Answers: "Shoe shine","correct":false,"count":"4,818"
Answers: "Salon visit","correct":false,"count":"1,016"
Answers: "Hot shave","correct":true,"count":"1,810"}]
Answers: "Dig Dug","correct":false,"count":"1,392"
Answers: "Galaga","correct":false,"count":"919"
Answers: "Pole Position","correct":true,"count":"1,640"}]
Answers: "Amazon Prime","correct":false,"count":"22,801"
Answers: "Netflix","correct":false,"count":"41,453"
Answers: "Hulu","correct":true,"count":"211,407"}]
Answers: "Edmund Spenser","correct":true,"count":"239,833"
Answers: "Jay-Z","correct":false,"count":"12,891"
Answers: "Brie Larson","correct":false,"count":"23,595"}]
Answers: "Adidas","correct":false,"count":"8,067"
Answers: "Nike","correct":true,"count":"263,007"
Answers: "Puma","correct":false,"count":"2,582"}]
Answers: "Gas Company","correct":true,"count":"250,184"
Answers: "Water Works","correct":false,"count":"12,310"
Answers: "Electric Company","correct":false,"count":"9,669"}]
Answers: "Utah","correct":true,"count":"160,554"
Answers: "Nebraska","correct":false,"count":"53,540"
Answers: "Kansas","correct":false,"count":"49,619"}]
Answers: "Amanda","correct":true,"count":"167,164"
Answers: "Giselle","correct":false,"count":"71,823"
Answers: "Carter","correct":false,"count":"24,374"}]
Answers: "Seahorse","correct":true,"count":"80,772"
Answers: "Jellyfish","correct":false,"count":"15,023"
Answers: "Cuttlefish","correct":false,"count":"158,425"}]
Answers: "$5","correct":false,"count":"12,481"
Answers: "$20","correct":false,"count":"19,061"
Answers: "$50","correct":true,"count":"28,182"}]
Answers: "Big Raft","correct":false,"count":"3,212"
Answers: "Big Fish","correct":false,"count":"10,022"
Answers: "Big River","correct":true,"count":"18,990"}]
Answers: "Rope","correct":false,"count":"6,092"
Answers: "Birdman","correct":false,"count":"12,404"
Answers: "Lost in London","correct":true,"count":"3,532"}]
Answers: "Soccer","correct":true,"count":"2,961"
Answers: "Tennis","correct":false,"count":"2,663"
Answers: "Golf","correct":false,"count":"3,627"}]
Answers: "Mars","correct":false,"count":"1,030"
Answers: "Murrie","correct":false,"count":"1,730"
Answers: "Moulton","correct":true,"count":"2,523"}]
Answers: "Moldova","correct":true,"count":"1,742"
Answers: "Russia","correct":false,"count":"478"
Answers: "Belarus","correct":false,"count":"1,608"}]
Answers: "Thomas Marshall","correct":false,"count":"469"
Answers: "James Sherman","correct":true,"count":"1,338"
Answers: "Charles Fairbanks","correct":false,"count":"823"}]
Answers: "Crucifix","correct":false,"count":"1,920"
Answers: "Hip","correct":false,"count":"10,265"
Answers: "Stick","correct":true,"count":"53,003"}]
Answers: "5-4-3","correct":true,"count":"49,741"
Answers: "3-2-1","correct":false,"count":"13,006"
Answers: "7-8-9","correct":false,"count":"2,120"}]
Answers: "New Orleans Pelicans","correct":true,"count":"36,411"
Answers: "Atlanta Hawks","correct":false,"count":"14,023"
Answers: "Chicago Bulls","correct":false,"count":"11,703"}]
Answers: "Derrick Johnson","correct":false,"count":"6,744"
Answers: "Le’Veon Bell","correct":true,"count":"45,268"
Answers: "Doug Baldwin","correct":false,"count":"10,113"}]
Answers: "Arizona","correct":false,"count":"17,987"
Answers: "UCLA","correct":true,"count":"16,529"
Answers: "Oklahoma","correct":false,"count":"27,299"}]
Answers: "Tottenham","correct":false,"count":"10,833"
Answers: "Barcelona","correct":true,"count":"36,232"
Answers: "Liverpool","correct":false,"count":"9,966"}]
Answers: "Steph Curry","correct":false,"count":"10,194"
Answers: "Steve Nash","correct":false,"count":"20,050"
Answers: "Jose Calderon","correct":true,"count":"25,038"}]
Answers: "Novak Djokovic","correct":true,"count":"15,980"
Answers: "Roger Federer","correct":false,"count":"18,349"
Answers: "Rafael Nadal","correct":false,"count":"7,265"}]
Answers: "Kansas","correct":false,"count":"5,356"
Answers: "North Carolina","correct":true,"count":"6,904"
Answers: "Duke","correct":false,"count":"7,199"}]
Answers: "Bobby Orr","correct":true,"count":"5,178"
Answers: "Brian Leetch","correct":false,"count":"2,184"
Answers: "Paul Coffey","correct":false,"count":"2,161"}]
Answers: "Magic Johnson","correct":true,"count":"3,424"
Answers: "Charles Barkley","correct":false,"count":"1,505"
Answers: "Isiah Thomas","correct":false,"count":"1,354"}]
Answers: "Jimmie Johnson","correct":false,"count":"879"
Answers: "Tony Stewart","correct":false,"count":"588"
Answers: "Kyle Busch","correct":true,"count":"3,222"}]
Answers: "Sponge","correct":false,"count":"4,110"
Answers: "Lunge","correct":false,"count":"5,834"
Answers: "Grunge","correct":true,"count":"249,568"}]
Answers: "Carrots","correct":false,"count":"5,234"
Answers: "Turnips","correct":false,"count":"5,371"
Answers: "Cabbage","correct":true,"count":"250,022"}]
Answers: "Stop","correct":false,"count":"36,700"
Answers: "Lose","correct":true,"count":"178,665"
Answers: "Wait","correct":false,"count":"41,236"}]
Answers: "Prince Charles","correct":true,"count":"184,965"
Answers: "Prince William","correct":false,"count":"49,963"
Answers: "Prince Philip","correct":false,"count":"17,187"}]
Answers: "Chick","correct":false,"count":"20,778"
Answers: "Kit","correct":false,"count":"151,219"
Answers: "Cub","correct":true,"count":"77,274"}]
Answers: "Fibula","correct":false,"count":"87,703"
Answers: "Ulna","correct":false,"count":"26,460"
Answers: "Calcaneus","correct":true,"count":"121,520"}]
Answers: "Arkansas","correct":false,"count":"37,793"
Answers: "Delaware","correct":false,"count":"45,637"
Answers: "Neither","correct":true,"count":"143,604"}]
Answers: "Pontiac Firebird","correct":false,"count":"23,435"
Answers: "Chevrolet Camaro","correct":false,"count":"9,953"
Answers: "Ford Mustang","correct":true,"count":"61,411"}]
Answers: "F Troop","correct":false,"count":"19,905"
Answers: "Gilligan’s Island","correct":true,"count":"18,026"
Answers: "Bonanza","correct":false,"count":"24,915"}]
Answers: "Sonny and Cher","correct":false,"count":"5,061"
Answers: "Smash Mouth","correct":false,"count":"7,380"
Answers: "Backstreet Boys","correct":true,"count":"6,000"}]
Answers: "Venus Williams","correct":false,"count":"1,830"
Answers: "Roger Federer","correct":true,"count":"5,384"
Answers: "Tom Brady","correct":false,"count":"2,479"}]
Answers: "Pachelbel’s Canon","correct":false,"count":"362"
Answers: "Ode to Joy","correct":false,"count":"924"
Answers: "The 1812 Overture","correct":true,"count":"5,776"}]
Answers: "Simon","correct":false,"count":"1,672"
Answers: "Jesus","correct":true,"count":"3,591"
Answers: "Matthew","correct":false,"count":"954"}]
Answers: "Alice Asks","correct":false,"count":"1,750"
Answers: "Taylor Tells","correct":false,"count":"1,666"
Answers: "Simon Says","correct":true,"count":"98,092"}]
Answers: "Scroll down","correct":false,"count":"2,092"
Answers: "Double tap","correct":true,"count":"90,639"
Answers: "Swipe up","correct":false,"count":"9,805"}]
Answers: "Gramophones","correct":false,"count":"1,693"
Answers: "Compact discs","correct":true,"count":"95,657"
Answers: "Vinyl records","correct":false,"count":"4,140"}]
Answers: "Urkel","correct":true,"count":"85,816"
Answers: "Milhouse","correct":false,"count":"10,304"
Answers: "Liz Lemon","correct":false,"count":"2,864"}]
Answers: "Spoon","correct":true,"count":"67,190"
Answers: "Fork","correct":false,"count":"24,447"
Answers: "Chopsticks","correct":false,"count":"6,069"}]
Answers: "Shelf","correct":false,"count":"28,967"
Answers: "Jelly","correct":true,"count":"7,937"
Answers: "Coral","correct":false,"count":"56,147"}]
Answers: "Condor","correct":true,"count":"21,549"
Answers: "Albatross","correct":false,"count":"34,582"
Answers: "Falcon","correct":false,"count":"21,320"}]
Answers: "Shaggy","correct":true,"count":"34,080"
Answers: "Jughead","correct":false,"count":"13,993"
Answers: "Popeye","correct":false,"count":"6,435"}]
Answers: "Shakespeare","correct":false,"count":"5,451"
Answers: "Fairy tales","correct":true,"count":"23,321"
Answers: "Dinosaurs","correct":false,"count":"7,185"}]
Answers: "Art teacher","correct":false,"count":"2,192"
Answers: "Nanny","correct":true,"count":"16,748"
Answers: "Tour guide","correct":false,"count":"5,263"}]
Answers: "Nora Roberts","correct":false,"count":"1,316"
Answers: "Judith Krantz","correct":true,"count":"10,950"
Answers: "JD Robb","correct":false,"count":"4,988"}]
Answers: "Full House","correct":false,"count":"1,780"
Answers: "Brooklyn Nine-Nine","correct":false,"count":"4,279"
Answers: "Frasier","correct":true,"count":"5,738"}]
Answers: "Ice hockey","correct":false,"count":"780"
Answers: "Baseball","correct":false,"count":"3,805"
Answers: "Basketball","correct":true,"count":"2,906"}]
Answers: "Louis Vuitton","correct":false,"count":"715"
Answers: "Chanel","correct":false,"count":"2,250"
Answers: "Christian Dior","correct":true,"count":"1,770"}]
Answers: "Dr. Doug Ross","correct":false,"count":"1,719"
Answers: "Shooter McGavin","correct":true,"count":"629"
Answers: "Dirk Diggler","correct":false,"count":"508"}]
Answers: "Coworker","correct":false,"count":"12,798"
Answers: "Science experiment","correct":false,"count":"5,600"
Answers: "Neighbor","correct":true,"count":"218,825"}]
Answers: "Borneo!","correct":false,"count":"1,829"
Answers: "Bazinga!","correct":true,"count":"232,311"
Answers: "Bingo bango!","correct":false,"count":"5,440"}]
Answers: "Statistical analyst","correct":false,"count":"10,220"
Answers: "Rocket scientist","correct":false,"count":"23,233"
Answers: "Theoretical physicist","correct":true,"count":"203,399"}]
Answers: "Blossom","correct":true,"count":"202,479"
Answers: "Roseanne","correct":false,"count":"19,681"
Answers: "Grace Under Fire","correct":false,"count":"13,714"}]
Answers: "The Hollywood sign","correct":false,"count":"25,529"
Answers: "Golden Gate Bridge","correct":false,"count":"56,430"
Answers: "Pasadena City Hall","correct":true,"count":"148,851"}]
Answers: "Weezer","correct":false,"count":"30,064"
Answers: "Barenaked Ladies","correct":true,"count":"182,025"
Answers: "Ben Folds Five","correct":false,"count":"15,065"}]
Answers: "Cuddly feline","correct":true,"count":"181,844"
Answers: "Perfect blanket","correct":false,"count":"14,975"
Answers: "Elegant equation","correct":false,"count":"25,238"}]
Answers: "Gift","correct":true,"count":"130,282"
Answers: "Misunderstanding","correct":false,"count":"43,263"
Answers: "Compliment","correct":false,"count":"23,700"}]
Answers: "Howard","correct":true,"count":"72,405"
Answers: "Bernadette","correct":false,"count":"29,708"
Answers: "Raj","correct":false,"count":"35,064"}]
Answers: "Staged reading","correct":true,"count":"22,943"
Answers: "PowerPoint presentation","correct":false,"count":"20,756"
Answers: "Venn diagrams","correct":false,"count":"43,018"}]
Answers: "Tail","correct":false,"count":"8,168"
Answers: "Bow tie","correct":true,"count":"18,618"
Answers: "Cat ears","correct":false,"count":"12,809"}]
Answers: "Moliere the Bear","correct":false,"count":"2,774"
Answers: "Trish the Fish","correct":false,"count":"2,764"
Answers: "Stu the Cockatoo","correct":true,"count":"18,639"}]
Answers: "Queen Penelope","correct":true,"count":"16,199"
Answers: "Lady Lovelace","correct":false,"count":"2,680"
Answers: "Ms. Artemis","correct":false,"count":"1,811"}]
Answers: "Capelet","correct":false,"count":"2,848"
Answers: "Hoop skirt","correct":false,"count":"5,552"
Answers: "Flower crown","correct":true,"count":"8,724"}]
Answers: "Attitude","correct":false,"count":"1,516"
Answers: "Whip","correct":false,"count":"6,798"
Answers: "Hat","correct":true,"count":"4,989"}]
Answers: "Pets him","correct":false,"count":"38,761"
Answers: "Gives him a boop","correct":false,"count":"9,504"
Answers: "Neither of these","correct":true,"count":"214,833"}]
Answers: "Obey your queen.","correct":true,"count":"217,579"
Answers: "Cool it.","correct":false,"count":"23,283"
Answers: "Please let me go.","correct":false,"count":"18,185"}]
Answers: "Pod","correct":true,"count":"166,084"
Answers: "Tyrion","correct":false,"count":"56,759"
Answers: "Missandei","correct":false,"count":"31,283"}]
Answers: "Ned Umber","correct":false,"count":"13,841"
Answers: "Tormund Giantsbane","correct":false,"count":"30,084"
Answers: "Lyanna Mormont","correct":true,"count":"203,501"}]
Answers: "Let’s change the subject","correct":false,"count":"20,080"
Answers: "It had its moments","correct":true,"count":"142,963"
Answers: "I was a different person","correct":false,"count":"79,855"}]
Answers: "Fire","correct":false,"count":"15,145"
Answers: "Fear","correct":true,"count":"188,145"
Answers: "Vengeance","correct":false,"count":"30,449"}]
Answers: "Left","correct":false,"count":"47,022"
Answers: "Right","correct":true,"count":"152,896"
Answers: "Both","correct":false,"count":"32,430"}]
Answers: "Harry Strickland","correct":true,"count":"106,417"
Answers: "Harald Karstark","correct":false,"count":"60,820"
Answers: "Robett Glover","correct":false,"count":"27,265"}]
Answers: "High Valyrian","correct":true,"count":"102,473"
Answers: "Common Tongue","correct":false,"count":"11,404"
Answers: "Dothraki","correct":false,"count":"33,349"}]
Answers: "Jaime","correct":false,"count":"6,341"
Answers: "Brienne","correct":false,"count":"11,604"
Answers: "Jorah","correct":true,"count":"93,349"}]
Answers: "The things I do for love","correct":false,"count":"28,195"
Answers: "The pointy end","correct":false,"count":"26,004"
Answers: "We are not men","correct":true,"count":"40,470"}]
Answers: "Green Bay Packers","correct":true,"count":"49,247"
Answers: "Seattle Seahawks","correct":false,"count":"5,343"
Answers: "New England Patriots","correct":false,"count":"4,165"}]
Answers: "Varys","correct":false,"count":"9,310"
Answers: "Tyrion","correct":false,"count":"27,187"
Answers: "Davos","correct":true,"count":"16,257"}]
Answers: "Ian McShane","correct":false,"count":"3,232"
Answers: "Ed Sheeran","correct":true,"count":"23,644"
Answers: "Richard E. Grant","correct":false,"count":"3,555"}]
Answers: "Sansa","correct":false,"count":"2,559"
Answers: "Arya","correct":true,"count":"22,148"
Answers: "Tormund","correct":false,"count":"2,189"}]
Answers: "Sole Train","correct":false,"count":"1,895"
Answers: "Soccer style","correct":true,"count":"44,376"
Answers: "Sidesaddle","correct":false,"count":"8,310"}]
Answers: "Washington Wizards","correct":false,"count":"18,206"
Answers: "Phoenix Suns","correct":false,"count":"11,195"
Answers: "Dallas Mavericks","correct":true,"count":"24,635"}]
Answers: "Wimbledon","correct":true,"count":"40,098"
Answers: "French Open","correct":false,"count":"8,702"
Answers: "US Open","correct":false,"count":"1,860"}]
Answers: "Ball","correct":false,"count":"18,667"
Answers: "Club","correct":false,"count":"4,346"
Answers: "Glove","correct":true,"count":"26,555"}]
Answers: "Natalie Coughlin","correct":false,"count":"7,892"
Answers: "Dara Torres","correct":false,"count":"14,842"
Answers: "Katie Ledecky","correct":true,"count":"25,984"}]
Answers: "Ice hockey","correct":true,"count":"18,499"
Answers: "Tennis","correct":false,"count":"6,386"
Answers: "Mixed martial arts","correct":false,"count":"23,726"}]
Answers: "Iran","correct":true,"count":"14,139"
Answers: "Greece","correct":false,"count":"15,948"
Answers: "Russia","correct":false,"count":"17,450"}]
Answers: "Michael","correct":false,"count":"8,168"
Answers: "Mario","correct":true,"count":"25,570"
Answers: "Marco","correct":false,"count":"10,592"}]
Answers: "Rory McIlroy","correct":false,"count":"14,376"
Answers: "Jason Day","correct":true,"count":"12,826"
Answers: "Francesco Molinari","correct":false,"count":"10,383"}]
Answers: "Kegasus","correct":true,"count":"9,775"
Answers: "Can-O-War","correct":false,"count":"4,440"
Answers: "Broliath","correct":false,"count":"2,598"}]
Answers: "Kevin Durant","correct":false,"count":"1,353"
Answers: "Giannis Antetokounmpo","correct":false,"count":"4,478"
Answers: "Kawhi Leonard","correct":true,"count":"4,942"}]
Answers: "New York Yankees","correct":false,"count":"1,530"
Answers: "Colorado Rockies","correct":false,"count":"2,883"
Answers: "Baltimore Orioles","correct":true,"count":"1,952"}]
Answers: "Triple Crown","correct":true,"count":"208,514"
Answers: "Tres Races","correct":false,"count":"6,116"
Answers: "Three Amigas","correct":false,"count":"1,881"}]
Answers: "University of Texas","correct":true,"count":"208,611"
Answers: "Texas Instruments","correct":false,"count":"9,161"
Answers: "Texas Rangers","correct":false,"count":"1,639"}]
Answers: "Sydney","correct":false,"count":"57,602"
Answers: "Madrid","correct":true,"count":"141,442"
Answers: "Hamburg","correct":false,"count":"19,299"}]
Answers: "Limoncello","correct":false,"count":"15,127"
Answers: "Ouzo","correct":false,"count":"9,942"
Answers: "Prosecco","correct":true,"count":"190,062"}]
Answers: "Cryptic crossword","correct":true,"count":"172,038"
Answers: "Acrostic","correct":false,"count":"21,689"
Answers: "Word search","correct":false,"count":"20,219"}]
Answers: "GI Joe","correct":false,"count":"82,299"
Answers: "Nerf","correct":false,"count":"28,785"
Answers: "Hot Wheels","correct":true,"count":"95,287"}]
Answers: "Sestercentennial","correct":true,"count":"54,858"
Answers: "Sesquicentennial","correct":false,"count":"102,664"
Answers: "Sesquarcentennial","correct":false,"count":"34,104"}]
Answers: "Meteorite fragments","correct":false,"count":"18,861"
Answers: "Melted weapons","correct":false,"count":"40,295"
Answers: "Discarded electronics","correct":true,"count":"124,951"}]
Answers: "Denmark","correct":false,"count":"37,793"
Answers: "Sweden","correct":true,"count":"66,764"
Answers: "Norway","correct":false,"count":"43,319"}]
Answers: "Louisiana","correct":true,"count":"18,548"
Answers: "Georgia","correct":false,"count":"18,759"
Answers: "South Carolina","correct":false,"count":"39,353"}]
Answers: "Plan 9 From Outer Space","correct":true,"count":"14,903"
Answers: "Bride of the Monster","correct":false,"count":"6,589"
Answers: "Revenge of the Creature","correct":false,"count":"6,814"}]
Answers: "Rhodesia","correct":true,"count":"14,506"
Answers: "Zaire","correct":false,"count":"1,347"
Answers: "Upper Volta","correct":false,"count":"2,009"}]
Answers: "Germany","correct":false,"count":"1,623"
Answers: "Denmark","correct":false,"count":"11,461"
Answers: "Sweden","correct":true,"count":"2,225"}]
Answers: "Macbeth","correct":true,"count":"4,960"
Answers: "Napoleon","correct":false,"count":"835"
Answers: "William Wallace","correct":false,"count":"1,493"}]
Answers: "Prime number","correct":true,"count":"3,270"
Answers: "Perfect number","correct":false,"count":"1,504"
Answers: "Composite number","correct":false,"count":"1,245"}]
Answers: "Kinetic","correct":true,"count":"22,070"
Answers: "Karmic","correct":false,"count":"82"
Answers: "Kardashian","correct":false,"count":"32"}]
Answers: "General Motors","correct":false,"count":"340"
Answers: "Hannibal","correct":true,"count":"16,345"
Answers: "Norman Schwarzkopf","correct":false,"count":"5,122"}]
Answers: "Pizza","correct":false,"count":"3,113"
Answers: "Beer","correct":true,"count":"13,263"
Answers: "Soda","correct":false,"count":"1,512"}]
Answers: "Glassguy","correct":false,"count":"1,582"
Answers: "Steinsir","correct":false,"count":"1,295"
Answers: "Mugman","correct":true,"count":"11,687"}]
Answers: "Bronze","correct":false,"count":"1,552"
Answers: "Germanium","correct":true,"count":"9,782"
Answers: "Malachite","correct":false,"count":"1,369"}]
Answers: "Stream","correct":false,"count":"2,056"
Answers: "Chat","correct":true,"count":"7,556"
Answers: "Compete","correct":false,"count":"1,444"}]
Answers: "Granola bars","correct":false,"count":"2,606"
Answers: "SpaghettiOs","correct":false,"count":"1,792"
Answers: "Tater tots","correct":true,"count":"4,543"}]
Answers: "Francia","correct":false,"count":"1,624"
Answers: "Italy","correct":false,"count":"810"
Answers: "Deutschland","correct":true,"count":"4,935"}]
Answers: "Newfoundland","correct":false,"count":"1,671"
Answers: "Boxer","correct":false,"count":"2,454"
Answers: "Dachshund","correct":true,"count":"2,158"}]
Answers: "Belgrade","correct":false,"count":"1,548"
Answers: "Taipei","correct":false,"count":"1,492"
Answers: "Jakarta","correct":true,"count":"1,819"}]
Answers: "New Years’ Day","correct":false,"count":"360"
Answers: "Vernal Equinox","correct":false,"count":"465"
Answers: "Christmas","correct":true,"count":"2,760"}]
Answers: "Joy","correct":false,"count":"415"
Answers: "Fear","correct":false,"count":"1,257"
Answers: "Anger","correct":true,"count":"1,505"}]
Answers: "White tuxedo","correct":false,"count":"13,528"
Answers: "Beer can helmet","correct":false,"count":"15,200"
Answers: "Wedding gown","correct":true,"count":"275,112"}]
Answers: "Phoebe","correct":false,"count":"62,808"
Answers: "Janice","correct":true,"count":"204,857"
Answers: "Joey","correct":false,"count":"39,237"}]
Answers: "Kitesurfing","correct":false,"count":"18,390"
Answers: "Sneezing","correct":false,"count":"184,471"
Answers: "Falling into a grave","correct":true,"count":"88,416"}]
Answers: "Gunther","correct":false,"count":"65,342"
Answers: "Carol","correct":true,"count":"181,723"
Answers: "Judy Geller","correct":false,"count":"33,412"}]
Answers: "Cheers","correct":false,"count":"34,052"
Answers: "Seinfeld","correct":false,"count":"40,239"
Answers: "Mad About You","correct":true,"count":"200,052"}]
Answers: "Hugh Jazz","correct":false,"count":"35,848"
Answers: "Holden McGroin","correct":true,"count":"133,208"
Answers: "Jacque Strap","correct":false,"count":"82,660"}]
Answers: "Engagement","correct":false,"count":"117,518"
Answers: "New job","correct":false,"count":"50,241"
Answers: "Duplex townhouse","correct":true,"count":"75,594"}]
Answers: "Monica","correct":true,"count":"105,105"
Answers: "Phoebe","correct":false,"count":"12,262"
Answers: "Neither","correct":false,"count":"40,180"}]
Answers: "Spell","correct":false,"count":"7,158"
Answers: "Poem","correct":true,"count":"59,467"
Answers: "Tarot reading","correct":false,"count":"48,476"}]
Answers: "Joey","correct":true,"count":"44,222"
Answers: "Chandler","correct":false,"count":"22,117"
Answers: "Ross","correct":false,"count":"4,452"}]
Answers: "All the Poker","correct":false,"count":"7,052"
Answers: "Butt","correct":false,"count":"11,414"
Answers: "Trifle","correct":true,"count":"31,718"}]
Answers: "Onion tartlet","correct":false,"count":"12,684"
Answers: "Ravioli","correct":true,"count":"4,918"
Answers: "Mac and cheese","correct":false,"count":"21,159"}]
Answers: "Veronica’s Closet","correct":false,"count":"1,605"
Answers: "King of Queens","correct":true,"count":"14,230"
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Theater","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Dates: 2019-01-01/1
Dates: 2019-01-01/2
Dates: 2019-01-01/3
Dates: 2019-01-01/4
Dates: 2019-01-02/1
Dates: 2019-01-02/2
Dates: 2019-01-02/3
Dates: 2019-01-03/1
Dates: 2019-01-03/2
Dates: 2019-01-03/3
Dates: 2019-01-04/1
Dates: 2019-01-04/2
Dates: 2019-01-05/1
Dates: 2019-01-05/2
Dates: 2019-01-06/1
Dates: 2019-01-06/2
Dates: 2019-01-07/1
Dates: 2019-01-07/2
Dates: 2019-01-07/3
Dates: 2019-01-08/1
Dates: 2019-01-08/2
Dates: 2019-01-08/3
Dates: 2019-01-09/1
Dates: 2019-01-09/2
Dates: 2019-01-09/3
Dates: 2019-01-10/1
Dates: 2019-01-10/2
Dates: 2019-01-10/3
Dates: 2019-01-11/1
Dates: 2019-01-11/2
Dates: 2019-01-12/1
Dates: 2019-01-12/2
Dates: 2019-01-13/1
Dates: 2019-01-13/2
Dates: 2019-01-14/1
Dates: 2019-01-14/2
Dates: 2019-01-14/3
Dates: 2019-01-15/1
Dates: 2019-01-15/2
Dates: 2019-01-15/3
Dates: 2019-01-16/1
Dates: 2019-01-16/2
Dates: 2019-01-16/3
Dates: 2019-01-17/1
Dates: 2019-01-17/2
Dates: 2019-01-17/3
Dates: 2019-01-18/1
Dates: 2019-01-18/2
Dates: 2019-01-19/1
Dates: 2019-01-19/2
Dates: 2019-01-20/1
Dates: 2019-01-20/2
Dates: 2019-01-21/1
Dates: 2019-01-21/2
Dates: 2019-01-21/3
Dates: 2019-01-22/1
Dates: 2019-01-22/2
Dates: 2019-01-22/3
Dates: 2019-01-23/1
Dates: 2019-01-23/2
Dates: 2019-01-23/3
Dates: 2019-01-24/1
Dates: 2019-01-24/2
Dates: 2019-01-24/3
Dates: 2019-01-25/1
Dates: 2019-01-25/2
Dates: 2019-01-26/1
Dates: 2019-01-26/2
Dates: 2019-01-27/1
Dates: 2019-01-27/2
Dates: 2019-01-28/1
Dates: 2019-01-28/2
Dates: 2019-01-28/3
Dates: 2019-01-29/1
Dates: 2019-01-29/2
Dates: 2019-01-29/3
Dates: 2019-01-30/1
Dates: 2019-01-30/2
Dates: 2019-01-30/3
Dates: 2019-01-31/1
Dates: 2019-01-31/2
Dates: 2019-01-31/3
Dates: 2019-02-01/1
Dates: 2019-02-01/2
Dates: 2019-02-02/1
Dates: 2019-02-02/2
Dates: 2019-02-03/1
Dates: 2019-02-03/2
Dates: 2019-02-03/3
Dates: 2019-02-04/1
Dates: 2019-02-04/2
Dates: 2019-02-04/3
Dates: 2019-02-05/1
Dates: 2019-02-05/2
Dates: 2019-02-05/3
Dates: 2019-02-06/1
Dates: 2019-02-06/2
Dates: 2019-02-06/3
Dates: 2019-02-07/1
Dates: 2019-02-07/2
Dates: 2019-02-07/3
Dates: 2019-02-08/1
Dates: 2019-02-08/2
Dates: 2019-02-09/1
Dates: 2019-02-09/2
Dates: 2019-02-09/3
Dates: 2019-02-10/1
Dates: 2019-02-10/2
Dates: 2019-02-11/1
Dates: 2019-02-11/2
Dates: 2019-02-11/3
Dates: 2019-02-12/1
Dates: 2019-02-12/2
Dates: 2019-02-12/3
Dates: 2019-02-13/1
Dates: 2019-02-13/2
Dates: 2019-02-13/3
Dates: 2019-02-14/1
Dates: 2019-02-14/2
Dates: 2019-02-14/3
Dates: 2019-02-15/1
Dates: 2019-02-15/2
Dates: 2019-02-16/1
Dates: 2019-02-16/2
Dates: 2019-02-16/3
Dates: 2019-02-17/1
Dates: 2019-02-17/2
Dates: 2019-02-17/3
Dates: 2019-02-18/1
Dates: 2019-02-18/2
Dates: 2019-02-18/3
Dates: 2019-02-19/1
Dates: 2019-02-19/2
Dates: 2019-02-19/3
Dates: 2019-02-20/1
Dates: 2019-02-20/2
Dates: 2019-02-20/3
Dates: 2019-02-21/1
Dates: 2019-02-21/2
Dates: 2019-02-21/3
Dates: 2019-02-22/1
Dates: 2019-02-22/2
Dates: 2019-02-23/1
Dates: 2019-02-23/2
Dates: 2019-02-23/3
Dates: 2019-02-24/1
Dates: 2019-02-24/2
Dates: 2019-02-25/1
Dates: 2019-02-25/2
Dates: 2019-02-25/3
Dates: 2019-02-26/1
Dates: 2019-02-26/2
Dates: 2019-02-26/3
Dates: 2019-02-27/1
Dates: 2019-02-27/2
Dates: 2019-02-27/3
Dates: 2019-02-28/1
Dates: 2019-02-28/2
Dates: 2019-02-28/3
Dates: 2019-03-01/1
Dates: 2019-03-01/2
Dates: 2019-03-02/1
Dates: 2019-03-02/2
Dates: 2019-03-02/3
Dates: 2019-03-03/1
Dates: 2019-03-03/2
Dates: 2019-03-04/1
Dates: 2019-03-04/2
Dates: 2019-03-04/3
Dates: 2019-03-05/1
Dates: 2019-03-05/2
Dates: 2019-03-05/3
Dates: 2019-03-06/1
Dates: 2019-03-06/2
Dates: 2019-03-06/3
Dates: 2019-03-07/1
Dates: 2019-03-07/2
Dates: 2019-03-07/3
Dates: 2019-03-08/1
Dates: 2019-03-08/2
Dates: 2019-03-09/1
Dates: 2019-03-09/2
Dates: 2019-03-10/1
Dates: 2019-03-10/2
Dates: 2019-03-10/3
Dates: 2019-03-11/1
Dates: 2019-03-11/2
Dates: 2019-03-11/3
Dates: 2019-03-12/1
Dates: 2019-03-12/2
Dates: 2019-03-12/3
Dates: 2019-03-13/1
Dates: 2019-03-13/2
Dates: 2019-03-13/3
Dates: 2019-03-13/4
Dates: 2019-03-14/1
Dates: 2019-03-14/2
Dates: 2019-03-15/1
Dates: 2019-03-15/2
Dates: 2019-03-16/1
Dates: 2019-03-16/2
Dates: 2019-03-17/1
Dates: 2019-03-17/2
Dates: 2019-03-20/1
Dates: 2019-03-20/2
Dates: 2019-03-20/3
Dates: 2019-03-21/1
Dates: 2019-03-21/2
Dates: 2019-03-21/3
Dates: 2019-03-21/4
Dates: 2019-03-22/1
Dates: 2019-03-22/2
Dates: 2019-03-23/1
Dates: 2019-03-23/2
Dates: 2019-03-24/1
Dates: 2019-03-24/2
Dates: 2019-03-25/1
Dates: 2019-03-25/2
Dates: 2019-03-25/3
Dates: 2019-03-26/1
Dates: 2019-03-26/2
Dates: 2019-03-26/3
Dates: 2019-03-27/1
Dates: 2019-03-27/2
Dates: 2019-03-27/3
Dates: 2019-03-28/1
Dates: 2019-03-28/2
Dates: 2019-03-28/3
Dates: 2019-03-29/1
Dates: 2019-03-29/2
Dates: 2019-03-30/1
Dates: 2019-03-30/2
Dates: 2019-03-31/1
Dates: 2019-03-31/2
Dates: 2019-04-01/1
Dates: 2019-04-01/2
Dates: 2019-04-01/3
Dates: 2019-04-01/4
Dates: 2019-04-02/1
Dates: 2019-04-02/2
Dates: 2019-04-03/1
Dates: 2019-04-03/2
Dates: 2019-04-03/3
Dates: 2019-04-04/1
Dates: 2019-04-04/2
Dates: 2019-04-04/3
Dates: 2019-04-05/1
Dates: 2019-04-05/2
Dates: 2019-04-06/1
Dates: 2019-04-06/2
Dates: 2019-04-07/1
Dates: 2019-04-07/2
Dates: 2019-04-08/1
Dates: 2019-04-08/2
Dates: 2019-04-08/3
Dates: 2019-04-09/1
Dates: 2019-04-09/2
Dates: 2019-04-09/3
Dates: 2019-04-10/1
Dates: 2019-04-10/2
Dates: 2019-04-10/3
Dates: 2019-04-11/1
Dates: 2019-04-11/2
Dates: 2019-04-11/3
Dates: 2019-04-12/1
Dates: 2019-04-12/2
Dates: 2019-04-13/1
Dates: 2019-04-13/2
Dates: 2019-04-14/1
Dates: 2019-04-14/2
Dates: 2019-04-15/1
Dates: 2019-04-15/2
Dates: 2019-04-15/3
Dates: 2019-04-16/1
Dates: 2019-04-16/2
Dates: 2019-04-16/3
Dates: 2019-04-17/1
Dates: 2019-04-17/2
Dates: 2019-04-17/3
Dates: 2019-04-18/1
Dates: 2019-04-18/2
Dates: 2019-04-18/3
Dates: 2019-04-19/1
Dates: 2019-04-19/2
Dates: 2019-04-20/1
Dates: 2019-04-20/2
Dates: 2019-04-21/1
Dates: 2019-04-21/2
Dates: 2019-04-21/3
Dates: 2019-04-22/1
Dates: 2019-04-22/2
Dates: 2019-04-22/3
Dates: 2019-04-23/1
Dates: 2019-04-23/2
Dates: 2019-04-23/3
Dates: 2019-04-24/1
Dates: 2019-04-24/2
Dates: 2019-04-24/3
Dates: 2019-04-25/1
Dates: 2019-04-25/2
Dates: 2019-04-25/3
Dates: 2019-04-26/1
Dates: 2019-04-26/2
Dates: 2019-04-27/1
Dates: 2019-04-27/2
Dates: 2019-04-28/1
Dates: 2019-04-28/2
Dates: 2019-04-29/1
Dates: 2019-04-29/2
Dates: 2019-04-29/3
Dates: 2019-04-30/1
Dates: 2019-04-30/2
Dates: 2019-04-30/3
Dates: 2019-05-01/1
Dates: 2019-05-01/2
Dates: 2019-05-01/3
Dates: 2019-05-01/4
Dates: 2019-05-02/1
Dates: 2019-05-02/2
Dates: 2019-05-02/3
Dates: 2019-05-03/1
Dates: 2019-05-03/2
Dates: 2019-05-04/1
Dates: 2019-05-04/2
Dates: 2019-05-04/3
Dates: 2019-05-05/1
Dates: 2019-05-05/2
Dates: 2019-05-06/1
Dates: 2019-05-06/2
Dates: 2019-05-06/3
Dates: 2019-05-07/1
Dates: 2019-05-07/2
Dates: 2019-05-07/3
Dates: 2019-05-07/4
Dates: 2019-05-08/1
Dates: 2019-05-08/2
Dates: 2019-05-08/3
Dates: 2019-05-09/1
Dates: 2019-05-09/2
Dates: 2019-05-09/3
Dates: 2019-05-10/1
Dates: 2019-05-10/2
Dates: 2019-05-11/1
Dates: 2019-05-11/2
Dates: 2019-05-12/1
Dates: 2019-05-12/2
Dates: 2019-05-13/1
Dates: 2019-05-13/2
Dates: 2019-05-13/3
Dates: 2019-05-14/1
Dates: 2019-05-14/2
Dates: 2019-05-14/3
Dates: 2019-05-15/1
Dates: 2019-05-15/2
Dates: 2019-05-15/3
