"text":"Which of these is a common kind of apple?
"text":"What do the first two letters in “PE teacher” stand for?
"text":"Pitch-correction technology is better known by what name?
"text":"According to official rules, in which of these games do players have to state the game’s title?
"text":"What insect lends its name to the concept that tiny actions can have massive consequences?
"text":"Which cooking term describes cutting food into matchstick-like strips?
"text":"Where is the smallest bone in the human body located?
"text":"In a famous Broadway musical, to which of these does “525,600” refer?
"text":"Who was the first woman nominated on a major party’s presidential ticket in the US?
"text":"The director of what classic film also had a cameo in “The Muppet Movie”?
"text":"Which of these words is an example of a national demonym?
"text":"Which of these authors has reportedly sold the most books overall?
"text":"Which of these is a vehicle with three wheels?
"text":"What word does Aretha Franklin spell out in her iconic 1967 hit?
"text":"What Canadian province’s name is Latin for “New Scotland”?
"text":"Which of these speeds is typically fastest?
"text":"Three consecutive strikes is known as a turkey in which of these sports?
"text":"At the start of his career, Justin Bieber was mentored by which of these musicians?
"text":"By definition, which of these words can refer to a college graduation ceremony?
"text":"Which of these baseball pitches puts the least spin on the ball?
"text":"The name of Shakespeare’s only son is one letter off from the title of what play?
"text":"Which of these terms comes from a French phrase that means “come help me”?
"text":"Which of these celebrities does NOT go by his middle name?
"text":"Of these three states, which has been the birthplace of the most US presidents?
"text":"What wise creature once said, “Do, or do not. There is no try”?
"text":"The Norse god Thor is famous for wielding what kind of weapon?
"text":"An item that is not quite good enough is often said to “not cut the” what?
"text":"The French word “encore” literally translates to what?
"text":"In mock apple pie recipes, what is traditionally used as a substitute ingredient for apples?
"text":"Whose concert do the Ninja Turtles attend in the film “The Secret of the Ooze”?
"text":"JK Rowling has also written books under what first name?
"text":"On average, people blink least frequently at what stage of life?
"text":"In which European country did Kim Jong-un attend boarding school?
"text":"Who wrote the most Tony Award-winning musical of all time?
"text":"Which country does NOT contain land that was once a part of the Ottoman Empire?
"text":"Which of these inner planets is typically hotter than the others?
"text":"According to a classic fairy tale, who ran afoul of the Three Bears?
"text":"In which of these places are you most likely to find croutons?
"text":"What do the 13 stripes on the American flag represent?
"text":"Which of these aquatic terms is a palindrome?
"text":"If an integer is a multiple of five, its last digit has to be either five or what?
"text":"Which of these classic movie trilogies had three different directors?
"text":"Which of these professionals would most commonly use the term ligature?
"text":"Which of these musical clefs is NOT commonly used?
"text":"Which sports league’s commissioner has a last name found on the periodic table?
"text":"During the English Civil War, how did James II reportedly escape St. James’s Palace?
"text":"Members of the band behind “Dancing Queen” also co-wrote what ’80s musical?
"text":"The only person to win two solo Nobel Prizes won them in what fields?
"text":"Which of these would nutritionists most likely recommend as a healthy snack?
"text":"Which of these animals typically pollinates flowers?
"text":"According to an old saying, “time and tide” do what?
"text":"What did the “M” in the TV channel MTV originally stand for?
"text":"Which of these is a classic component of the scientific method?
"text":"What is the capital of Turkey?
"text":"In the board game Othello, also known as Reversi, what pieces may NOT be flipped?
"text":"Earth’s tallest known living tree is located closest to which of these cities?
"text":"Which of these is a song in the longest-running show in Broadway history?
"text":"Which of these figures from the American West did NOT work as a sheriff?
"text":"According to mathematical terminology, what “shape” is the number 28?
"text":"Which of these is both a current world leader and a diacritical mark?
"text":"In the early 20th century, many immigrants to the US passed through what island?
"text":"Which of these is the name of an NFL team?
"text":"When Neil Armstrong landed on the moon, what did he famously say he took?
"text":"What food is thought to get its name from resembling a dachshund?
"text":"According to astronomers, which comet will reappear this century?
"text":"Jennifer Lopez first regularly appeared on what TV show?
"text":"If a British person says they’re “sending you to Coventry,” what are they most likely about to give you?
"text":"Which of these slang military phrases is used to express appreciation?
"text":"Which of these countries’ flags does NOT feature a large circle?
"text":"Which of these bands has a lead singer who is literally named Savage?
"text":"In the ’90s, a group of out-of-work pilots from Eastern Airlines formed a new airline named after a what?
"text":"Who was NOT involved in the production of Michael Jackson’s film “Captain EO”?
"text":"Where does rain naturally fall from?
"text":"Ducks are known for making which of these sounds?
"text":"American football games typically take place in a structure called what?
"text":"What is NOT one of the three ingredients in classic s’mores?
"text":"What punctuation mark best introduces a list within a sentence?
"text":"Which of these figures is a famous composer?
"text":"Before “Seinfeld,” Larry David and Michael Richards both worked on what live comedy TV show?
"text":"Which of these words is NOT a portmanteau?
"text":"In a classic silent film, who famously survives a wall tipping over him thanks to an open window?
"text":"What gave the infamously stinky 1980s action figure Stinkor his trademark nasty smell?
"text":"Which of these countries gained its independence most recently?
"text":"An alternative title for the most popular exhibit in the Louvre Museum translates to what?
"text":"Which of these is a common type of amusement park ride?
"text":"What style of dance is also the name of a sauce?
"text":"Amelia Earhart became world-famous for flying solo across what?
"text":"Which of these fictional kings has giant ears and a trunk?
"text":"Legendary athlete Pelé famously made what term synonymous with soccer?
"text":"Traditionally, a tattoo featuring which of these meant that a sailor had crossed the equator?
"text":"A knit cap is known as what in Montréal?
"text":"What writer was labeled as not having “hope” by her teachers at seminary school?
"text":"Now famous for another use, minoxidil was originally developed to help what?
"text":"Which of these bands does NOT have a female founding member?
"text":"Which papal name has reached the highest Roman numeral?
"text":"The composer of the “Pink Panther” theme also scored which classic Disney film?
"text":"What does a red hand on an electric crosswalk sign typically mean?
"text":"The period of time new mothers can take off work is known as what?
"text":"Which of these is a port found on most modern computers?
"text":"In both literature and film, Holly Golightly was famous for having breakfast where?
"text":"Grapefruits were named after grapes because they both do what?
"text":"As viewed from Earth, what is the second-brightest naturally occurring object in the night sky?
"text":"Which of these Beatles albums has a title track?
"text":"What title does Canada’s head of state hold?
"text":"Which of these recipes typically includes crustaceans?
"text":"Which of these terms is a retronym?
"text":"Which of these 1980s Tom Cruise movies is based on a novel?
"text":"Which of these countries does NOT use a currency with the same name as the other two?
"text":"Why did Anna Wintour’s first cover of “Vogue” cause a stir?
"text":"The majority of which state's land was initially acquired through the Louisiana Purchase?
"text":"In addition to her well-known dragon, famous literary character Lisbeth Salander has which other tattoo?
"text":"Which is a common building material for chairs?
"text":"How do you calculate the sum of two numbers?
"text":"Which of these foods is typically sold in aluminum cans?
"text":"Speaking up for music education, who is the only non-human to testify before Congress?
"text":"Which of these words refers to traditional Inuit footwear?
"text":"A long-running line of ’80s ads urged potential pizza customers to “avoid” what?
"text":"Which is NOT one of the three main types of rock?
"text":"Apple Computer’s unsuccessful gaming console went by what name?
"text":"The Disney film that starts with the line, “All this has happened before, and it will all happen again” begins in what country?
"text":"Walking a straight-line path from the Black Sea to the Caspian Sea could take you through which of these countries?
"text":"Which of these authors has NOT won both a Nobel and a Pulitzer Prize?
"text":"In what environment do flowers grow best?
"text":"In marketing, what does BOGO stand for?
"text":"If you put on a hoodie, what type of clothing are you wearing?
"text":"The Great Barrier Reef can be found off the coast of what country?
"text":"Commonly found in Central American cuisine, chorizo is a variety of what?
"text":"“The Fonz” was a hit breakout character on what TV series?
"text":"Which of these is a feature of an unusual surfing contest held annually in Pacifica, California?
"text":"Which movie series’ music was NOT composed by John Williams?
"text":"As used in emergency medicine, what is the term “stat” short for?
"text":"What US state was one of the “Ms” in the 3M Company’s original name?
"text":"What is the capital of the nation that lies entirely within the Pyrenees mountain range?
"text":"What TV show's protagonist shares his name with a main character in the classic novel “Day of the Locust”?
"text":"Crying babies are often given what soothing contraption?
"text":"According to the song performed by Brynn Cartelli on “The Voice” tonight, what does the world need now?
"text":"The depths of outer space are closest to which of these temperatures?
"text":"Whiskers mainly help cats with which of these things?
"text":"Earlier tonight on “The Voice,” what Alicia Keys song did I reference?
"text":"“Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil” tells the true crime story of what city?
"text":"What best-selling video game franchise has NOT been set during a real historic conflict?
"text":"The vast majority of the Serengeti National Park is located in which country?
"text":"Which of these websites is NOT currently officially blocked in China?
"text":"Which of these physics terms gets its name from an Indian scientist?
"text":"Michael Keaton has played the same character in films directed by Quentin Tarantino and who else?
"text":"According to an old saying, teaching a person to fish will feed them for how long?
"text":"A right-handed person customarily wears a watch where?
"text":"Which of these animals typically walks on four legs?
"text":"What conflict is central to the plot of the classic film “Gone With The Wind”?
"text":"Which of these words is NOT a synonym for “monkey business”?
"text":"Which of these cities has an NBA team named for what its franchise founder manufactured?
"text":"A common pass in ultimate frisbee gets its name from what mode of transportation?
"text":"Which of these is NOT the name of a female character in a James Bond film?
"text":"What musical term also refers to the collection of sprockets on a multi-speed bicycle?
"text":"A 1996 addition to the constitution of Ireland legalized which of these practices?
"text":"The state of New Mexico has an official question that asks to choose between what?
"text":"Which of these artists shares her given first name with her mother?
"text":"Which of these foods is typically made with potatoes?
"text":"To make wired headphones work, you should plug them into what?
"text":"Which of these accessories is typically worn lowest on the body?
"text":"A short period of time can be referred to with which phrase?
"text":"Which of these animals does NOT spend much of its life in underground burrows?
"text":"What practice often includes a pose called “The Hundred”?
"text":"Which of these is NOT the name of one of Mexico’s 31 states?
"text":"Gordon Lish and Maxwell Perkins are famous for working as what?
"text":"Which of these early groups of hominids lived on Earth first?
"text":"Starting in the 1850s, most US military horsemen used a saddle named for who?
"text":"What city is the capital of a country whose name means “black mountain”?
"text":"The sci-fi film “Barbarella” inspired the name of the band behind which of these ’80s hits?
"text":"How Soon Is Now?
"text":"In a classic children’s joke, why is 6 afraid of 7?
"text":"The initialism FYI usually stands for “For your” what?
"text":"What legendary underdog defeated Goliath in an ancient Biblical fight?
"text":"Now a popular tourist destination, Elvis Presley’s Memphis home goes by what name?
"text":"What is Canada’s one-dollar coin commonly called?
"text":"Where is the official papal signet traditionally worn?
"text":"What is the only country Denmark shares a land border with?
"text":"Among these US presidents, who is famous for winning a prestigious literary prize?
"text":"Shakespeare’s wife shares her name with the star of which of these movies?
"text":"Which of these schools does NOT have a cat as its mascot?
"text":"What is the term for when a television character notes their own show’s improbable plot line?
"text":"Which of these world-historical figures was born first?
"text":"Which of these terms describes buying a house, improving it, and selling it for profit?
"text":"Laura Ingalls Wilder wrote a series of kids’ books called “Little House on the” what?
"text":"The paste used to fill gaps between floor tiles is called what?
"text":"Which of these foods would pescatarians most likely eat?
"text":"Which of these is the correct spelling for a common type of fragrance?
"text":"In what country is the title character of the “Where’s Waldo?
"text":"Which of these musicals famously features a man-eating plant?
"text":"A well-known number series is named for which of the following mathematicians?
"text":"What architect’s son followed in his footsteps on a smaller level, creating a popular building toy?
"text":"Which of these states is expected to report a significant population increase in the 2020 Census?
"text":"Which has NOT been the central gimmick of an OK Go video?
"text":"Which of these people is part of the family that once owned America’s largest private house?
"text":"Children are most likely to be dropped off in the morning at which of these places?
"text":"According to old English folklore, Little John was whose sidekick?
"text":"Which of these states is part of the New England region?
"text":"In the lyrics of the 2000s Chamillionaire hit, what did people keep trying to catch him doing?
"text":"Cuticle, cortex and medulla are all components of what human body part?
"text":"Which Broadway musical was reportedly the first to feature a wheelchair-bound actor?
"text":"In Ancient Greece, a Corinthian order referred to what?
"text":"Which of these country artists is NOT a member of the Grand Ole Opry?
"text":"Which of these astronomical terms is the name of a single star?
"text":"A visit to which of these tall buildings will put you closest to Australia?
"text":"Which of these actors has appeared in two different movies playing characters named Chazz?
"text":"What is the term for strolling around while not fully awake?
"text":"A settlement that has become completely abandoned is called what?
"text":"The cities of Sonoma and Napa are found in what US state?
"text":"Which of these planets has a solid surface?
"text":"In the UN organization known as WHO, what does the “H” stand for?
"text":"Which of these is a real animal indigenous to Africa?
"text":"Which of these films was adapted from a novel written by the founder of a religion?
"text":"In business, a company that has a valuation of more than $10 billion is commonly referred to as what?
"text":"The price of the first Apple computer was almost exactly equal to which of these quantities?
"text":"What band was the first to ever perform on Nickelodeon’s “All That”?
"text":"Which baseball player had a brother who competed at the first Summer Olympics in Germany?
"text":"A 1990s written work by the author of “Eat, Pray, Love” inspired which of these films?
"text":"What is the general term for a digital, downloadable spoken-word audio recording?
"text":"Pants with several roomy pockets on the sides are known as what?
"text":"Which of these aquatic animals is a mammal?
"text":"Which of these chemical elements is often used to fill party balloons?
"text":"Which of these is a cruciferous vegetable?
"text":"Which of these is the title of a film that stars Sinbad as a genie?
"text":"Until the 1950s, the biggest island in the world was considered a colony of what country?
"text":"The Latin phrase “camera obscura” literally translates to what?
"text":"According to Sun Tzu, what is the best way to win a battle?
"text":"In John Steinbeck’s classic book “Travels with Charley,” Charley is Steinbeck’s what?
"text":"Which of these rappers has NOT released a song that samples the seminal reggae hit “Bam Bam”?
"text":"Which of these highly visited attractions was once owned by a private citizen?
"text":"The Richter scale measures what kind of seismic event?
"text":"Which of these are often held up with suspenders?
"text":"Scientist Charles Darwin famously believed in the survival of the what?
"text":"Paying tithes traditionally involves allocating 10 percent of your income to what?
"text":"Which of these is a real hybrid fruit?
"text":"What mathematical term is also used by dentists to refer to dental tartar?
"text":"What is the common nickname for Google’s green Android phone mascot?
"text":"In American Sign Language, hooking your index fingers together and then switching them means what?
"text":"The film “The Social Network” was co-scored by the writer of what hit ’90s song?
"text":"According to Japanese superstition, a house with a door facing northeast is likely to do what?
"text":"Which of these novels did NOT win the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction?
"text":"What is the name of the headquarters of the British royal family?
"text":"Which of these would the Queen of England wear on highly formal occasions?
"text":"Which of these is a color historically associated with nobility?
"text":"When Prince Harry proposed to Meghan Markle, she was cooking a popular recipe known as what?
"text":"What animal is known for eating “royal jelly”?
"text":"In the lyrics to Lorde’s smash hit “Royals,” she sings that “every song’s like” what?
"text":"Which of these countries has a current monarchy that dates back to the 7th century?
"text":"In her longest-running TV role, Meghan Markle played a character who mostly had what job?
"text":"When meeting William and Kate, LeBron James was accused of violating royal etiquette for doing what?
"text":"Which of these countries’ monarchs is widely reported to have the lowest net worth?
"text":"Meghan Markle’s wedding dress was designed by the same fashion house that costumed what classic film?
"text":"Which of these royals is closest in line for the British throne?
"text":"According to superstition, if you see a penny and pick it up, what will it bring?
"text":"Which of these is heaviest?
"text":"The name of what island is also a slang term for coffee?
"text":"Which of these anatomical terms refers to a bone in the human body?
"text":"Renaissance painter Caravaggio is considered a master of what technique?
"text":"Which of these people famously dislikes using smartphones?
"text":"The mathematical fact that 8x9 = 9x8 is known as what?
"text":"Yellowstone National Park does NOT overlap with which of these states?
"text":"The recently viral country song “Lovesick Blues” was prominently featured in which of these films?
"text":"What country is home to a centuries-old market whose name translates to “Moonlight Square”?
"text":"Who was named MVP of the most lopsided Super Bowl in history?
"text":"African-American designer Ann Lowe famously provided whose wedding dress?
"text":"When you break open a piñata, what is most likely to pour out?
"text":"According to a popular saying, “the eyes are the window to the” what?
"text":"Which of these countries is in the European Union?
"text":"What is the name of the square-shaped hat students often wear during graduation?
"text":"The classic TV game show “Press Your Luck” popularized what catchphrase?
"text":"The College Board does NOT currently offer an SAT Subject Test in which discipline?
"text":"Which of these trees is most often used to make hardwood floors?
"text":"The country music star behind which album later performed as alter ego Chris Gaines?
"text":"Which of these island nations is the smallest by area?
"text":"In the iconic painting “A Friend in Need,” which of the poker-playing dogs appear to be cheating?
"text":"Which Major League Baseball franchise was NOT originally known as the Washington Senators?
"text":"Which of these characters survives the longest in the novel “The Great Gatsby”?
"text":"What lake is believed to get its name from its shape resembling one animal chasing another?
"text":"Who is heard, but not fully seen, playing a principal in Steven Spielberg’s “ET”?
"text":"A tabletop game that involves collecting lots of marbles is called “Hungry Hungry” what?
"text":"What Disney princess did Aladdin famously take on a magic carpet ride?
"text":"A famous scene in “Ghost” shows Whoopi Goldberg’s character saying what?
"text":"Where we dropping, boys?
"text":"Which of these classic arcade games features ghosts?
"text":"The laces of a shoe go through a part called the what?
"text":"Which of these mathematical operations is considered an inverse of exponents?
"text":"Which of these terms describes someone licensed to perform eye surgery?
"text":"Which of these is NOT an event in the Olympic heptathlon?
"text":"A grabatologist is likely to have a house full of what?
"text":"Which state’s capital comes first in alphabetical order?
"text":"What US politician became speaker on his first-ever day serving in the House of Representatives?
"text":"In the lyrics to “Hypnotize,” the Notorious BIG mentions a character from what film?
"text":"To help the environment, a common phrase suggests you should reduce, reuse, and what?
"text":"What device is often used to take someone’s temperature?
"text":"According to legend, both garlic and crucifixes are both good ways to defend against what?
"text":"In the French phrase abbreviated RSVP, the “R” stands for a word that means what in English?
"text":"A stag party is the British equivalent of what American event?
"text":"What term describes the difference between the cost of producing an item and its sale price?
"text":"Which of these is NOT important to the proper functioning of brain cells?
"text":"Which of these post-Renaissance design styles came first?
"text":"Facebook paid the highest price to acquire which of these startups?
"text":"Which of these American reality shows set its first season farthest from the mainland US?
"text":"The French dish Hachis Parmentier was named after the man who persuaded his people to eat what?
"text":"The director of what film once appeared as an Elvis impersonator on “Golden Girls”?
"text":"Which of these creatures is a common type of rubber bath toy?
"text":"A building used for the storage of goods is called what?
"text":"Which of these animals is a bovine?
"text":"By definition, a hagiography tells the life story of what kind of person?
"text":"In RVs, the powerful hitch that connects the vehicle to a towing car is known as what?
"text":"Which of these is part of the FBI’s physical fitness test?
"text":"Which of these is the title of an official follow-up to the book “The Secret”?
"text":"Which of these viral personalities has NOT appeared on Ellen?
"text":"What job was Rosa Parks coming home from when she famously refused to give up her bus seat?
"text":"Which of these film franchises has a traveling live show?
"text":"The Jordan-Saudi Arabia border is sometimes called the “hiccup” of a famous leader from what country?
"text":"Which of these artists had a hit song featuring a prominent sample from a 1960s musical?
"text":"“Phone” is short for what longer, more technical word?
"text":"Which flavor is traditionally included in Neapolitan ice cream?
"text":"What haircut is often described with the phrase “Business in the front, party in the back”?
"text":"Which of these is used to measure mass?
"text":"Which of these snakes is venomous?
"text":"In the business world, IPO stands for “initial public” what?
"text":"What food gets its name in part from a word meaning “buttock”?
"text":"Which of these states did NOT name the bolo tie as official state neckwear?
"text":"What famed American poet was also a practicing medical doctor?
"text":"An ad for a car dealership inspired the name of which classic cartoon character?
"text":"Which of these was banned by the federal US government most recently?
"text":"Which Harry Potter character is NOT referred to in a title of a Harry Potter book?
"text":"What computer accessory is used to move the cursor?
"text":"What scientific research term refers to the thing being studied?
"text":"The classic cartoon character Popeye the Sailor got his strength from what food?
"text":"Doors with windows that fill the frame are often called what?
"text":"A company that needs a bailout to continue to operate has what scary nickname?
"text":"In fencing, the foil is meant to hit what body part?
"text":"Which of these mammals gives birth to babies roughly the size of raisins?
"text":"Which soap opera begins with the voiceover, “Like sands through the hourglass”?
"text":"Drosophila melanogaster is the fancy name for an insect also known as what?
"text":"Which actor has starred in two different movies about Pocahontas?
"text":"Which of these names is NOT mentioned in Lou Bega’s one-hit-wonder?
"text":"According to his original profile on the site, where did Tom from MySpace live?
"text":"According to legend, what did Saint Patrick chase out of Ireland?
"text":"Which of these animals is a popular pet?
"text":"The time 12:05 AM can also be expressed as which of these phrases?
"text":"Which of these sports uses a bat?
"text":"Which of these synonyms also refers to popular houseplants?
"text":"According to an old English saying, “To err is” what?
"text":"In the Vatican, what color smoke signifies that a new Pope has NOT yet been chosen?
"text":"Which of these cities is farthest north?
"text":"Which of these brands was inspired to name its logo after a hip-hop artist?
"text":"The creator of which television show first owned the rights to “Orange Is the New Black”?
"text":"In Taylor Swift’s lead single from “1989,” which of these phrases is NOT in the lyrics?
"text":"For which film did the lead actor win an Oscar in his very first Academy Award nomination?
"text":"Which of these is a kind of bread?
"text":"The mantidae family of insects is better known by what name?
"text":"In-line skates are also known as what?
"text":"Which of these types of house styles gets its name from the shape of its roof?
"text":"A method of growing plants without soil goes by which of these names?
"text":"The company most famous for giving stars to fancy restaurants also makes what?
"text":"What rapper’s criticism inspired Drake to release two diss tracks in one week?
"text":"Which of these states’ capitals shares its name with the hometown featured in “The Simpsons”?
"text":"Which of these famous works of art is NOT found in a museum?
"text":"Kentucky’s famous Hot Brown sandwich gets its name from what?
"text":"In the epic opening sentence of “A Tale of Two Cities,” which of these words appears first?
"text":"Hydrogen and oxygen can combine to form what?
"text":"Longcase clocks are better known by what family-friendly name?
"text":"The Hundred Acre Wood is home to what famous pig?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a citrus fruit?
"text":"On what day of the week are federal elections traditionally held in the US?
"text":"What kind of pizza shares a name with an Italian queen?
"text":"What sports term is also a character in “A Midsummer Night’s Dream”?
"text":"In which of these shows did main characters work for the chain restaurant Los Pollos Hermanos?
"text":"What was the name of the last horse to win racing’s Triple Crown?
"text":"Which of these Seven Wonders of the Ancient World might never have been built?
"text":"Which of these countries contains the greatest number of states?
"text":"At the famous ’80s fundraising concert Live Aid, what musical group performed as Mick Jagger’s backing band?
"text":"As the children’s song traditionally goes, “If you’re happy and you know it,” do what?
"text":"The vehicle that smooths out ice at a hockey game is called a what?
"text":"Which of these instruments typically has six strings?
"text":"What “epidemic” was a man named Terry Bollea responsible for helping to create?
"text":"Which book was banned for its brutal descriptions of a California county’s working conditions?
"text":"By definition, a numismatist would be most interested in which of these rapper names?
"text":"Which of these composers created much of his greatest work after losing his ability to hear?
"text":"What hairstyle was Marie Antoinette known for?
"text":"Which politician campaigned with the slogan “I’m none of the above, and I’m not running for president”?
"text":"Which of these theatrical productions is NOT an example of a “play within a play”?
"text":"Who did Mike Tyson lose to in his final title fight?
"text":"Which of these actors has played the same US president in more than one film?
"text":"The “F” in the abbreviation TGIF traditionally stands for what?
"text":"On what day is Memorial Day observed?
"text":"What is the largest key on most computer keyboards?
"text":"Which of these creatures is a reptile?
"text":"Which of these is a language commonly spoken in the world of “Star Trek”?
"text":"Which NBA franchise has NOT won a championship in the 21st century?
"text":"In American history, which of these positions has been held by the greatest number of people?
"text":"Which of these caped characters was introduced first?
"text":"Which place is NOT one of Bolivia’s capital cities?
"text":"What manned space program did NASA conduct in between the Mercury and Apollo programs?
"text":"What compact SUV is by the company whose name translates to “three diamonds”?
"text":"What playwright is responsible for a work that has won one “Best Play” and three “Best Revival” Tonys?
"text":"Which of these is a common topping for pancakes?
"text":"RPM typically stands for “revolutions per” what?
"text":"Which of these terms is a key step in the scientific process?
"text":"The jokey name Roy G. Biv is helpful for remembering what?
"text":"What country name is a common synonym for fancy porcelain dinnerware?
"text":"Which state does NOT have a Universal Studios?
"text":"Denzel Washington won his first Oscar playing what role?
"text":"What part of the Russian Social Democratic Party got its name from winning the majority of votes?
"text":"Which of these miles is the longest in length?
"text":"Which of these states does NOT share a maritime border with another country?
"text":"Which of these American universities was the first to provide both undergrad and professional education?
"text":"Harry Caray popularized singing “Take Me Out to the Ballgame” while with what MLB team?
"text":"Money and valuables are typically stored in what kind of box?
"text":"Someone who illegally distributes music online is known as a what?
"text":"What sporting event traditionally happens every Memorial Day weekend?
"text":"The classic novel “Swiss Family Robinson” was primarily set where?
"text":"Which letter is the least commonly used to start words in the English language?
"text":"What state is home to the historical monument Tomb of the Unknown Soldier?
"text":"On which of these Beatles recordings do none of the Beatles play any instruments?
"text":"Which of these pork rib cuts is typically the least fatty?
"text":"Which of these countries has an elected head of government who is also a reigning prince?
"text":"Which of these states does NOT have an element named after it?
"text":"Which comic book character has been portrayed in films by two different Oscar winners?
"text":"King Charles II of England not only pardoned, but also rewarded a man who attempted what crime against him?
"text":"Which of these is NOT the name of a school located in the state of Pennsylvania?
"text":"Which of these bygone kingdoms was situated the farthest south?
"text":"According to Merriam-Webster, which of these controversial words is the oldest?
"text":"Which of these is a popular patriotic attraction in the United States?
"text":"What word describes a male horse younger than four years old?
"text":"According to US government guidelines, it is okay for the American flag to touch which of these things?
"text":"In relation to the gas and brake pedals, where is the clutch in an American car?
"text":"Which of these superstars used to go by the name Stefani?
"text":"At which of these tennis tournaments is the court NOT blue?
"text":"What sound is usually made by the phonetic symbol known as “ə”?
"text":"Which of these calendars assigns the highest number to the current year?
"text":"Which of these artists did NOT record a song with a title that’s the same word three times?
"text":"The film “The Wizard” introduced what video game previously unreleased in the US?
"text":"What body parts are associated with the “this little piggy” nursery rhyme?
"text":"The bubbles in bubble tea are most commonly made of what?
"text":"The kraken, a mythological sea monster, most closely resembles what real-life creature?
"text":"To a passenger facing the bow, the left side of a ship is known as what?
"text":"Which of these blockbuster movies was NOT directed by Michael Bay?
"text":"The title of the former official Soviet Union Communist Party newspaper translates to what?
"text":"Who was the first female co-host on a national US morning TV show?
"text":"The Motown hit “Ain’t No Mountain High Enough” was inspired by what?
"text":"Which of these performers has won Oscar, Tony, and Olivier awards portraying the same role?
"text":"Which country has the longest total coastline?
"text":"The author of which best-selling book previously tried to have a singing career?
"text":"A carbonated beverage is colloquially called what?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a 19th-century US political party?
"text":"Which occupation specializes in pregnancy, birth, and women’s reproductive health?
"text":"If a basketball player is fouled in the act of shooting, they receive what?
"text":"The illegal practice of record companies secretly paying radio stations to play songs is known as what?
"text":"What type of dog is most commonly trained and used by Guide Dogs of America?
"text":"If a swimmer is caught in an ocean rip current, which is the safest direction to swim first?
"text":"“The Secret Life of Alex Mack” aired on the same network as which other show?
"text":"Which of these units is named for a British scientist?
"text":"Which of these classic hip-hop songs explicitly mentions brunch?
"text":"Which new feature caused Mark Zuckerberg to write a Facebook post telling users to “calm down”?
"text":"Records with spiral grooves for playing music are commonly made of what material?
"text":"Which of these is a bird native to North America?
"text":"What theory attempts to explain the creation of the universe as we know it?
"text":"Which animal is NOT traditionally included in the meat trifecta known as the turducken?
"text":"What is the name of the instrument used to measure the magnitude of earthquakes?
"text":"Which of these scary words comes from the Latin root for “rock”?
"text":"Even though it’s typically rectangular, what city’s style of pizza is often called “a square”?
"text":"Which fashion designer once worked at “Vogue” as an editor?
"text":"Which of these nation’s capitals does NOT contain the name of its country?
"text":"Of these US coins, which weighs the most?
"text":"Which of these famed Hollywood couples has NOT combined to win both lead actor and actress Oscars?
"text":"Which of these state flags has a drawing of a human being on it?
"text":"What is the boiling point of water at sea level?
"text":"Which of these is a common ingredient in cookie recipes?
"text":"Who was the first leader of the Holy Roman Empire?
"text":"Who produced, directed, and starred in “Citizen Kane”?
"text":"Utah is not rectangular due to what state poking into its northeast corner?
"text":"What satirical measurement is described as “the amount of beauty required to launch one ship”?
"text":"How does the speech pattern known as uptalk traditionally make a speaker sound?
"text":"The cinematic flop “Mars Needs Moms” was based on a book by the cartoonist of what strip?
"text":"Which of these products was NOT sold on infomercials by the company Ronco?
"text":"The nursery rhyme “As I Was Going to St. Ives” illustrates what math concept?
"text":"Which country’s national sport takes place on horseback?
"text":"Which video game designer’s biggest hit was inspired by the destruction of his home?
"text":"In the classic fairy tale, who did Little Red Riding Hood’s enemy dress up as?
"text":"Which of these is both the name of a song and a real road?
"text":"Which of these games does NOT involve dice?
"text":"The term lox refers to a specifically prepared form of what fish?
"text":"According to Martha Stewart, which of these bed linens goes between the other two?
"text":"A popular type of massage gets its name from which of these countries?
"text":"Which of these golf terms comes from a word meaning “the youngest”?
"text":"Nitrous oxide is most likely to be used in which of these places?
"text":"In which Indiana Jones movie are multiple actors credited as playing the lead character?
"text":"The Grand Ole Opry music house counts which US president as a past musical performer?
"text":"Which of these countries’ capital cities is farthest east?
"text":"The star of “Dances With Wolves” appeared in early marketing for which of these companies?
"text":"In which sport do players throw a ball through a hoop ten feet off the ground?
"text":"The gas gauge on an American car’s dashboard usually displays what two letters?
"text":"What form of electromagnetic radiation is commonly used to heat food at home?
"text":"The ska genre of music often includes what type of instrument?
"text":"Which of these NBA teams was once located in Minnesota?
"text":"What did the UK government claim helped its World War II fighter pilots see in the dark?
"text":"In Maurice Sendak’s “Where the Wild Things Are,” what is the name of the raucous monster party?
"text":"“The Safety Dance” is a 1983 hit by a band that hails from where?
"text":"As a child, John Mayer was inspired to learn guitar because of which film?
"text":"Where would you find a statue marking the spot of the first US presidential inauguration?
"text":"In the movie “Airplane!” Kareem Abdul-Jabbar complains about having to play against which opponent?
"text":"What is a regulation NHL hockey puck made out of?
"text":"A score of deuce describes a tie in what sport?
"text":"During playoffs, which of these leagues currently features a “best of five” round?
"text":"Earlier this month, Jordan Hicks became the second MLB pitcher on record to ever do what?
"text":"What does the 500 in Indy 500 stand for?
"text":"Which of these players made the fewest three-pointers in the 2017-2018 regular season?
"text":"What soccer legend was just inducted into the Bay Area Sports Hall of Fame with a horrible plaque?
"text":"In LeBron’s career, which franchise has his team NOT eliminated in the playoffs?
"text":"Which team was the last from outside of Spain to win the UEFA Champions League?
"text":"In horse racing, the second leg of the Triple Crown is known as “The Run for the” what?
"text":"Who was president the last time an NHL expansion team made the Stanley Cup Finals in its first season?
"text":"Which of these players reached the NBA finals the same number of times as LeBron James?
"text":"An old proverb tells us “home is where” what body part is?
"text":"Which of these can you buy at an office supply store?
"text":"After a wedding, a bride traditionally throws a bouquet of what?
"text":"Which award does Bob Dylan have the most of?
"text":"Traditionally, what are the main ingredients in pralines?
"text":"In baseball, which is NOT a way the batter can advance to first base?
"text":"Which classic arcade game character often defeated enemies by overinflating them?
"text":"Which of these phrases is classified as a spoonerism?
"text":"Which of these books is by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
"text":"Which of these disco hits was NOT featured on the “Saturday Night Fever” soundtrack?
"text":"Which nation’s capital comes first alphabetically in English?
"text":"The first film to defeat a “Star Wars” movie for the visual effects Oscar was from what series?
"text":"According to Forrest Gump’s mother, what is life like?
"text":"Which kind of poem usually rhymes?
"text":"Frederick August Otto Schwarz founded what kind of store?
"text":"Who turned down the role of Gandalf, saying he didn’t understand the script?
"text":"In the original “Dracula” novel, how does the quote “Listen to them, the children of the night” end?
"text":"Lynn is the first name of which titular character?
"text":"Superstition holds that letting which of these people make your baby cry brings good luck?
"text":"Which of these US states does NOT share the record for bordering the most other states?
"text":"The only person to serve two non-consecutive terms as US president was known by what nickname?
"text":"According to Nielsen, which TV finale was viewed by the fewest people?
"text":"Ice cream is traditionally served in which of these shapes?
"text":"Which of these traditionally appears in the story of Cinderella?
"text":"What is the innermost planet in our solar system?
"text":"Which of these colors was on the original Rubik’s Cube?
"text":"The first person to see bacteria is also credited with greatly advancing what?
"text":"Which of these measurements from the sports world is the largest?
"text":"Which movie was NOT directed by Terry Gilliam?
"text":"What is the band ABBA named for?
"text":"As traditionally prepared, which of these is NOT considered kosher?
"text":"What country’s capital has a name derived from its location on the coast?
"text":"The highest scoring play in professional Scrabble history was the 2006 play of what word?
"text":"Who is IBM’s game-show-winning computer named after?
"text":"Which of these is commonly said after someone sneezes?
"text":"A rotating sphere with lots of tiny mirrors attached is commonly called what?
"text":"According to an old saying, you should “let sleeping dogs” do what?
"text":"A famous World War II-era British poster advised citizens to “Keep Calm and” what?
"text":"In basketball, where would you find the “top of the key”?
"text":"In the classic children’s book “Goodnight Moon,” there is a bowl full of what?
"text":"Which of these actors has NOT portrayed a werewolf in a movie?
"text":"Which of these phrases refers to debugging software?
"text":"North American crosswords typically feature what kind of symmetry?
"text":"The country whose capital is Canberra was previously known by what name?
"text":"The 2018 winner of the animated short film Oscar was based on a basketball-themed what?
"text":"The artist behind which of these hits once helped prevent an armed conflict with Russia?
"text":"What is often added to chocolate to make it softer and milder-tasting?
"text":"Which of these mythical creatures is known to breathe fire?
"text":"A full collection of something is known as “the whole kit and” what?
"text":"Which of these sports uses a spherical ball?
"text":"In which of these video games was it notably possible to lose from dysentery?
"text":"A popular musical mnemonic device states that “every good boy deserves” what?
"text":"What phrase made a viral video star out of Chris Crocker in 2007?
"text":"Is this real life?
"text":"What was different about Oscar the Grouch in his 1969 television debut?
"text":"What country’s longest mountain range is named for a color?
"text":"Which of these things helps to determine whether a number is a multiple of three?
"text":"The only chemical element that can harmlessly melt in your hand is named after what country?
"text":"For several years, what journalist was the son-in-law of author Kurt Vonnegut?
"text":"A fruit salad would likely include which of these things?
"text":"The massive game franchise that features “pocket monsters” is better known as what?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a popular card game?
"text":"Which of these is a type of screwdriver?
"text":"What brand was massive in the 1980s for selling brightly colored school binders?
"text":"Which of these plurals is NOT correct?
"text":"What does the French word “bibliothèque” mean in English?
"text":"The band behind which album shares its name with a sleep stage?
"text":"The actor who voiced the Disney character Aladdin had a recurring role on what sitcom?
"text":"Which of these brand names is NOT a portmanteau?
"text":"According to Guinness, the tallest building without inhabitants can be found in what city?
"text":"The designer of the Chupa Chups logo also created what work of art?
"text":"What kind of agent would most likely help you buy a home?
"text":"By definition, what mode of transportation takes you underground?
"text":"According to a famous saying, “love means never having to say” what?
"text":"Thanks to the way it grows, which of these is a root vegetable?
"text":"In which TV show is the main character’s job in the US presidential line of succession?
"text":"What classic Looney Tunes character suffers from rhotacism?
"text":"What unusual feeling does the German word “schadenfreude” refer to?
"text":"Which animal can emit blood from its eyes when threatened?
"text":"Of these nicknamed major US cities, which is located farthest north?
"text":"What soothing TV personality spent two decades in the Air Force?
"text":"In the mid-1970s, Gordon Lightfoot had a massive hit song about a shipwreck in what body of water?
"text":"In “A League of Their Own,” Geena Davis plays professional baseball on a team in what state?
"text":"The weight of diamonds is usually measured in what?
"text":"By definition, a magnetic field contains two opposite ends known as what?
"text":"In a standard game of 8-ball, where is the 8-ball itself placed at the start?
"text":"Which of these food words comes from German?
"text":"Which of these words does NOT make up the acronym “laser”?
"text":"Which of these celebrities liked to wear an unwound Cartier wristwatch?
"text":"What fashion house has dressed Rihanna for more than one Met Gala?
"text":"Which of these iconic paintings has NOT been stolen?
"text":"When you have a cold, what is your nose most likely to do?
"text":"In the classic fairytale, Cinderella famously loses a what?
"text":"What does a spacecraft typically use to propel itself out of Earth’s atmosphere?
"text":"In basketball, shooting free throws underhand is often called what?
"text":"Which of these was the name of a communist country in the 20th century?
"text":"What is another common name for the Oxford comma?
"text":"Where did the genre of music known as yé-yé originate?
"text":"What did Henry Hill from “Goodfellas” bemoan he would “live the rest of his life like”?
"text":"Though none of them still exist in the same form, which of these teams won an NBA championship?
"text":"What famous Sam Cooke recording was NOT written by Sam Cooke?
"text":"Which person often goes unrecognized for inventing the telephone thanks to a patent skirmish?
"text":"Which of these is a real type of bear?
"text":"After a hot streak, Tiger Woods has returned to the official top 100 of what sport?
"text":"What name is associated with the NHL playoff championship trophy?
"text":"What NFL coach lends his name to an infamous video game curse?
"text":"In baseball, a batted ball that hits the foul pole is ruled what?
"text":"Following the recent Supreme Court case, who made the first legal Delaware sports bet?
"text":"Former Braves pitcher John Smoltz made a move into what other professional sport this week?
"text":"What relay team just lost its gold medals after one of its runners was found to be doping at the Beijing Olympics?
"text":"Who has the record for most total bases in a baseball season?
"text":"Which league set its highest average attendance record in its most recent regular season?
"text":"What baseball player holds the unfortunate title for most games with five strikeouts?
"text":"Who was the last QB to take the Cleveland Browns to regular-season victory?
"text":"Which of these NBA champs started the finals as the largest Vegas betting underdogs?
"text":"Championship football games are often named after which of these items?
"text":"What character did JK Rowling famously create?
"text":"A colon followed by a hyphen and a closing parenthesis form an emoticon doing what?
"text":"Associated with citrus fruits, ascorbic acid is better known as what?
"text":"According to a longstanding American fashion tradition, when should you NOT wear white?
"text":"Which of these movie production steps is typically performed after the other two?
"text":"Which of these sauces is traditionally suitable for a vegan diet?
"text":"What is the correct English word to refer to a resident of Russia’s capital?
"text":"Which is NOT one of the question categories in the board game Cranium?
"text":"After this year, what is the next animal that will come up in the Chinese zodiac?
"text":"According to the San Diego Zoo, for a once-living item to be a “fossil,” which of these must be true?
"text":"The Beatles’ UK debut album featured two songs originally performed by what American act?
"text":"Which of these is a common type of house cat?
"text":"The English Leather Company invented what common bathroom product?
"text":"Often used for suits, which of these is a lightweight summer fabric?
"text":"Which is the name of a US state AND a sovereign nation?
"text":"What idiom means an inappropriate attempt to improve what’s already good?
"text":"What did the USSR call itself?
"text":"What hip-hop act’s debut album title was a 31-letter made-up word?
"text":"What American humorist defined a year as “a period of 365 disappointments”?
"text":"Which of these is an example of a pleonasm?
"text":"In the original Japanese video game “Legend of Zelda,” some enemies could be defeated by players doing what?
"text":"The actor who played a cranky landlord in “Three’s Company” also played a cranky landlord in what classic film?
"text":"Which of these is commonly eaten as a light, healthy snack?
"text":"In which of these activities do competitors usually wear padded gloves to protect their hands?
"text":"Which of these animals typically lives inside seashells for protection?
"text":"What term describes an author hired to pen works credited to another person?
"text":"What is the capital of Canada?
"text":"Los Angeles Lakers legend Earvin Johnson is better known by what nickname?
"text":"Which of these mythical ancient Greeks was said to have a mortal father but an immortal mother?
"text":"What common first name is found when you list the initial of each calendar month in order?
"text":"Which company’s stock ticker symbol is a synonym for “large domesticated pig”?
"text":"The person typically credited as the “father of podcasting” previously held what job?
"text":"In China, what NBA superstar has the appropriate nickname “Free Throw Mamba”?
"text":"Which of these country names is thought to be derived from a term related to cows?
"text":"What team won the Stanley Cup last night?
"text":"Announcer Michael Buffer famously trademarked the catchphrase, “Let’s get ready to” what?
"text":"Barbara Bottini has been identified as the person behind the Twitter scandal engulfing what NBA team?
"text":"Which sport does NOT feature a major event known as the US Open?
"text":"Despite nicknames like Monk, Red, and Big Wheel, all of George Foreman’s sons are named what?
"text":"In which of these sports are players often penalized for clipping?
"text":"A tennis player would likely choose an older ball for what kind of serve?
"text":"What NFL player’s father is now the commissioner of the XFL?
"text":"Which D1 college conference currently has the number of teams indicated in its name?
"text":"Which NFL player has the record for most fumbles in his career?
"text":"In the past decade, what school is NOT among the top five of players drafted to the NFL?
"text":"What bird is associated with the rarest actual score in golf?
"text":"Which of these is commonly used to cool down beverages?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a real US president?
"text":"In math, the trigonometry term “cos” is short for what?
"text":"Which of these foods comes from Italy?
"text":"Which of the contiguous 48 states reaches farthest south?
"text":"According to nautical lore, “red sky at night” means sailors should do what?
"text":"Which of these names appears in the title of the most books in the King James Bible?
"text":"The star of which sitcom shares his last name with a common type of hexagonal wrench?
"text":"Which achievement is part of Pro Wrestling’s Triple Crown?
"text":"The US Constitution mentions which of these phrases in its preamble?
"text":"Which Pink Floyd album does NOT feature the synthesized voice of Stephen Hawking?
"text":"The winner of the most Oscars for Best Director shares his last name with what?
"text":"Which of these is a track and field event featured in the Olympics?
"text":"Apollo 11 was the first manned US mission to go where?
"text":"A classic John Steinbeck novel is titled “Of Mice and” what?
"text":"Which of these is a common type of owl?
"text":"Before hearts, Twitter users clicked on what symbol to “fave” a post?
"text":"Grammatically, which of these words is technically plural?
"text":"In Earth hours, which of these planets has the longest day?
"text":"Which of these folk-style bands does NOT hail from America?
"text":"Which of these Catholic papal names has only been used once?
"text":"What is the hometown of the first animated character to get an all-wax Madame Tussauds statue?
"text":"Which of these is NOT part of the Commonwealth of Nations?
"text":"What was notable about the night Elvis Presley made his debut on “The Ed Sullivan Show”?
"text":"What device do people often use to stay cool in the summer?
"text":"What major scientific breakthrough came from a moldy petri dish?
"text":"What Macedonian king created one of the ancient world’s largest empires?
"text":"Besides English, what is the other official language of Canada?
"text":"Which of these is the highest level in minor league baseball?
"text":"Who is the narrator of the classic novel “Moby-Dick”?
"text":"Which of these costly cuisines was once considered cheap fare for poor people?
"text":"What crime-fighting character is officially a blood relative of the Lone Ranger?
"text":"Who was the first host of NBC’s “The Tonight Show”?
"text":"The scientist who co-created the first rabies vaccine also helped develop what?
"text":"What amount of money is mentioned in the Seventh Amendment to the US Constitution?
"text":"From 1977 to 2011, what was the shade of the only monochromatic national flag?
"text":"As they grow, corn kernels are attached to what?
"text":"Which of these is a drink similar to club soda?
"text":"Who has the record as the longest-tenured “Saturday Night Live” cast member?
"text":"Which of these best describes a small number of sentences on the same subject?
"text":"What is the human kneecap also known as?
"text":"The Cardi B line “these is bloody shoes” refers to what fashion brand?
"text":"What Roman emperor ordered a coast-to-coast wall built near the present-day border of England and Scotland?
"text":"Which of these delicacies is correctly paired with the US state most associated with it?
"text":"The famous 1830 painting “Liberty Leading the People” depicts what current nation’s flag?
"text":"Ads for the first model of iPod boasted it would hold how much audio?
"text":"Prior to Bob Dylan, who else had won both a Nobel Prize and an Oscar?
"text":"One of the greatest modern-day art heists took place during celebrations for which event?
"text":"What is the highest number of points you can score on a single shot in the NBA?
"text":"What Spanish tennis player just won the French Open for the eleventh time?
"text":"NFL legend Vince Lombardi famously said, “We didn’t lose the game, we just ran out of” what?
"text":"Which nation will NOT field a team in this year’s World Cup?
"text":"LiAngelo and LaMelo Ball both cited injuries for leaving their team in what country?
"text":"What sport originated the term “pole position”?
"text":"What player trademarked the phrase, “I’m just here so I won’t get fined”?
"text":"Which of these official track and field hurdles events features more hurdles?
"text":"Though he worked for the Indians in “Major League,” Bob Uecker calls games for what team in real life?
"text":"In this weekend’s Belmont Stakes, what was the horse Restoring Hope accused of?
"text":"For the foreseeable future, the Winter Olympics will take place in the same year as which of these?
"text":"According to Guinness, which of these sports projectiles has been recorded traveling the fastest?
"text":"The human body is mostly made up of which of these things?
"text":"Which of these is a variety of fish?
"text":"What punctuation mark typically ends a sentence?
"text":"In soccer, what position is permitted to touch the ball with their hands during the run of play?
"text":"In the internet abbreviation FWIW, what does NEITHER W stand for?
"text":"When sworn into office, a US president typically places their hand on what?
"text":"As measured by tonnage, the four largest ocean vehicles in the world are used to transport what?
"text":"Before becoming a pop star, Lady Gaga acted in what television show?
"text":"What modern country was NOT part of Prussia?
"text":"Which of these is a bonus item that appears in the original arcade Pac-Man?
"text":"In the UK, which of these is theater slang for laughing uncontrollably while acting?
"text":"What festival debuted “hologram” Tupac?
"text":"The Disney character Mickey is what type of animal?
"text":"Which of these is used to stir a cocktail?
"text":"What is the grammatically correct way for someone to refer to the place where you cook?
"text":"Michelangelo’s legendary sculpture “David” is made of what material?
"text":"What element is NOT one of the key components of table salt?
"text":"A snickerdoodle is a type of what?
"text":"Which of these countries shares a border with Russia?
"text":"One of the actors who voiced Sonic the Hedgehog in the 1990s was also a star on what sitcom?
"text":"In the 90s, Microsoft’s co-founder paid tens of millions for a journal by whom?
"text":"The son of the composer of the “Jaws” theme gained his own fame as the lead singer of what band?
"text":"Which of these plants is carnivorous?
"text":"In the US presidential line of succession, which of these cabinet members ranks the highest?
"text":"Which of these animals has a hard outer shell made of a substance called chitin?
"text":"What element do people often “pump” at the gym?
"text":"Which of these playing cards traditionally has the highest value?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a common yoga pose?
"text":"Which of these is the title of a real Beatles song?
"text":"Which of these dog breeds comes from Korea?
"text":"Which of these silk-producing animals produces the strongest silk strands?
"text":"Which of these universities has produced the most US presidents?
"text":"Which of these foods was so coveted in the 18th century that you could rent it for a party?
"text":"The flag of Ecuador is essentially a naval ensign over what other nation’s flag?
"text":"In which of these “Fast & Furious” movies is the word “family” mentioned most often by far?
"text":"Which of these astronomical events is most common?
"text":"A popular role-playing game is called “Dungeons &” what?
"text":"What is standard equipment in the sport of croquet?
"text":"How many degrees are in an acute angle?
"text":"Which of these is the correct title of a long-running US game show?
"text":"Jeopardy?
"text":"What business newspaper is printed on distinctive salmon-pink colored paper?
"text":"Which of these nations can you walk to from Mozambique?
"text":"The word “sushi” specifically refers to what?
"text":"Which of these is both a chemical element and a popular name for performance spaces?
"text":"Which of these insults would Holden Caulfield most likely use?
"text":"Which of these organisms is most likely to exhibit the phenomenon known as “crown shyness”?
"text":"Which of these creatures is NOT mentioned in the King James Bible?
"text":"Which of these artists is exactly one award away from achieving a full EGOT?
"text":"Which of these is NOT one-half of the dairy product half-and-half?
"text":"The boxing world’s Don King is most famous for being a what?
"text":"What is 10 to the sixth power?
"text":"Atoms of different substances combine to make what?
"text":"Which of these words means “about to happen”?
"text":"A 1983 arcade game sponsored by a major beverage company asked players to do what?
"text":"In “Ferris Bueller’s Day Off,” what city’s NHL jersey does Cameron wear throughout the film?
"text":"Which of these universities has a mascot that does NOT represent a living creature?
"text":"Which is the title of both a Toni Morrison novel and a Coldplay single?
"text":"What is the only US state with a unicameral legislature?
"text":"Which CSI spinoff used The Who’s “Baba O’Riley” as its theme song?
"text":"Which has been the last name of only one US Supreme Court Justice?
"text":"Which of these famous fictional characters is a feline?
"text":"On a map, the edges of a city block are usually bordered by what?
"text":"What is the main ingredient in traditional guacamole?
"text":"What earth science specifically focuses on studying rocks?
"text":"By definition, which of these measurement terms describes the greatest amount?
"text":"Who was the subject of a painting titled “Self-Portrait with Bandaged Ear”?
"text":"What term refers to the semi-private rooms in old Irish pubs?
"text":"By magnitude, the most powerful earthquake ever recorded mostly hit what country?
"text":"Wiz Khalifa’s first No. 1 hit was inspired by what city’s sports teams?
"text":"Which of these US states was NOT a British colony first?
"text":"Which director got his professional start by shooting short films for a PBS star?
"text":"In a list of all US state names, which of these letters appears the fewest times?
"text":"In football, what word commonly follows, “Hut, hut…”?
"text":"Which Olympic event involves athletes hurling themselves over a bar?
"text":"After the 2018 NBA Finals concluded, LeBron admitted he was suffering from what?
"text":"Out of the 30 current MLB managers, most played which position as players?
"text":"For this year’s US Open, Tiger Woods made the non-traditional choice to stay where?
"text":"What World Cup favorite fired its manager just days before this year’s tournament?
"text":"Using the 100-meter dash as a benchmark, who is the fastest woman of all time?
"text":"Which of these distances is the longest?
"text":"Earlier this month, who did Simona Halep beat to claim her first-ever Grand Slam title?
"text":"Which NASCAR driver has lost a championship to a driver on a team that he owned?
"text":"Which of these professional balls is inflated to the lowest air pressure?
"text":"The only time the Mets home-run apple was raised for a rival team was for which player?
"text":"What snack do American children traditionally leave out for Santa Claus?
"text":"What is the emergency extra tire kept in a car’s trunk known as?
"text":"Animals that only eat plants are called what?
"text":"Which of these classic books is the longest?
"text":"Which state’s name contains another US state name inside it?
"text":"What is the most obvious difference between tortellini and tortelloni?
"text":"What musical instrument is played without touching it?
"text":"Which of these Greek philosophers was born first?
"text":"What was the best-selling Nintendo 64 video game that didn’t have “64” in the title?
"text":"In the Bible, who famously learned that \"the Lord gave and the Lord hath taken away\"?
"text":"What “Weird Al” Yankovic album is titled after the last words sung on it?
"text":"Accepting an Oscar in 1985, Sally Field said, “You like me,” followed by what?
"text":"What kind of train car typically contains an engine?
"text":"What is the NFL penalty for clipping?
"text":"Which of these is NOT one of the physical phases of water?
"text":"In which food is potato the principal ingredient?
"text":"The cartoon aardvark Arthur lives in what fictional town?
"text":"Which variety of Solitaire is normally played with eight adjacent columns of cards?
"text":"Who is most likely to be carrying a “challenge coin”?
"text":"What US state capitals are separated by the Bitterroot Range?
"text":"What 19th-century work famously centers on an item hidden in plain sight?
"text":"Cutting a Möbius strip in half lengthwise gives you what?
"text":"The actor behind what “Simpsons” character also did voiceover work on the original “Star Wars” film?
"text":"The Canary Islands are widely believed to be named after which of these mammals?
"text":"Which is a real month of the year?
"text":"Pimento peppers are often found inside which of these things?
"text":"Before acquiring a driver’s license, new drivers typically have to get what?
"text":"What term refers to an all-purpose key that can open any lock?
"text":"What phrase completes Edwin Starr’s classic rock lyric, “War, what is it good for?
"text":"Which author’s name is NOT a pseudonym?
"text":"Which of these temperatures is warmest?
"text":"Who compiled what is considered the first modern thesaurus?
"text":"Which university’s flagship campus is located in Philadelphia?
"text":"What words are traditionally printed in large type at the bottom of a Ouija board?
"text":"The natural feature that forms the Vermont/New Hampshire border is named for what other state?
"text":"Johnny Cash’s only top-ten single on the Billboard Hot 100 was written by the author of what book?
"text":"In the US, what holiday is celebrated on the third Sunday of June?
"text":"The person elected to run a city typically has what title?
"text":"What are the raised edges on the neck of a standard guitar called?
"text":"What does the “T” stand for in bank ATMs?
"text":"Which of these cooking techniques is typically described as “low and slow”?
"text":"Which of these words is an example of onomatopoeia?
"text":"Which of these animals are most closely related to harvestmen, AKA daddy longlegs?
"text":"What nation has the world’s lowest population density?
"text":"Which of these classic paintings depicts the most people?
"text":"Which classic soul singer had a band whose name literally means “dream-invading demons”?
"text":"Which of these was controversially declared a vegetable in a famous 1890s Supreme Court case?
"text":"In “To Kill a Mockingbird,” what phrase completes the Atticus Finch line, “You rarely win”?
"text":"What measurement is a unit of three feet?
"text":"Combining blue and yellow paint will result in the creation of what color?
"text":"Which of these is one of science’s four fundamental forces?
"text":"In which of these sports do players use sticks with small nets attached to one end?
"text":"Which of these brand names is derived from a nickname for moonshine?
"text":"What musical act made the phone number 867-5309 famous?
"text":"What was the name of the first computer to defeat a reigning world chess champion?
"text":"Which of these cities has a higher population than the US Army?
"text":"Which of these royals has been portrayed in a Best Actress Oscar-winning role?
"text":"Fettuccine alfredo is considered a richer version of what Italian dish?
"text":"Which of these travel destinations would take you closest to Disappointment Island?
"text":"Which of these rap names refers to the artist's uncanny resemblance to a baseball legend?
"text":"Which of these is typically NOT found in dessert?
"text":"In the 1800s, which of these was a service used to send mail in the US?
"text":"A cummerbund is a waistband sash typically worn with which of these outfits?
"text":"What prop is involved in the playground game “Double Dutch”?
"text":"On sunscreen bottles, what does the “F” in SPF stand for?
"text":"Which of these card games comes from the Spanish word for “basket”?
"text":"In what desert can you find the Burning Man festival?
"text":"What category is at the top of Abraham Maslow’s famous “hierarchy of needs” pyramid?
"text":"What US state’s official cartoon character first appeared on local weather segments?
"text":"In the biblical tale, Herod offers Salome whatever she wishes after she does what?
"text":"Which of these rivers runs through the fewest countries?
"text":"Which of these authors was NOT credited in the 1946 film “The Big Sleep”?
"text":"What US state is famous for Louisville Slugger bats?
"text":"What word describes the pretend drafts that NBA experts put out this time of year?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a real MLB mascot?
"text":"A year ago today, Diana Taurasi became the WNBA’s all-time leader in what category?
"text":"When can a baseball inning be called “immaculate”?
"text":"In the NHL, which of these is the most severe penalty?
"text":"New member of the International Boxing Hall of Fame Vitali Klitschko now holds what job?
"text":"In what state is the College World Series held every year?
"text":"Who is the only athlete to win a major in golf and Olympic gold in track and field?
"text":"A player on Mexico’s national soccer team just tied a record for most what?
"text":"A conspiracy theory claims the NBA rigged the first draft lottery by using what?
"text":"Which country has the most men’s rugby Olympic gold medals?
"text":"According to the saying, “you can’t teach an old dog” what?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a common mattress size?
"text":"Marie Curie was the first person to win what twice?
"text":"What does the “CC” field in an email stand for?
"text":"In which of these states can you find some of the Ozarks?
"text":"What classic video game was originally a Japanese title called “Yume Kojo: Doki Doki Panic”?
"text":"Amelia Earhart once ducked out of the White House to fly to Baltimore with which first lady?
"text":"Deltiologists collect what type of mail?
"text":"Which of these NBA franchises was previously located in Philadelphia?
"text":"The “Friends” episode with Ross and Chandler’s college reunion featured an actress who later played what TV doctor?
"text":"Which of these astronauts was later elected to the US Senate?
"text":"Which of these iconic TV characters did NOT earn its portrayer an Emmy?
"text":"Which of these usually has eight legs?
"text":"In Ian Fleming’s series of novels, what is the name of the agent assigned the number 007?
"text":"Which of these pieces of clothing is named for its shape?
"text":"In what sport is the ball misleadingly nicknamed a “pigskin”?
"text":"Which of these is featured in South Korea’s national dish?
"text":"In the sport of powerlifting, what type of weight is used in a bench press?
"text":"Which of these Bruce Springsteen songs can best be classified as a protest song?
"text":"Who founded the American Red Cross?
"text":"Which of these activities was NOT named after a real person?
"text":"The art technique known as pointillism directly launched what other art movement?
"text":"What classic noir movie prominently features the fictional gossip magazine “Hush-Hush”?
"text":"The US holiday known as Juneteenth celebrates news that was delivered where in 1865?
"text":"Which of these body parts does a bird usually have?
"text":"Traditionally, where do men and women in the US wear their wedding rings?
"text":"Which of these measurement units consists of only 16 ounces?
"text":"By definition, an unctuous person gives too many what?
"text":"Which article of clothing was named after a British general?
"text":"The Who’s rock opera “Tommy” was about a boy who was a phenom at what?
"text":"The addition of which of these food items makes a salad a “Pittsburgh salad”?
"text":"Air conditioner power is often expressed in BTUs, where the “B” stands for what?
"text":"Which of these actors turned down the “Die Hard” role that ultimately went to Bruce Willis?
"text":"Which of these words was legally trademarked in the 1970s?
"text":"Which of these islands is NOT located in the Pacific Ocean?
"text":"What title has appeared the most times in the Billboard Hot 100?
"text":"Grammy Awards are given to professionals for excellence in making what?
"text":"What device is typically used to fill in answers on a Scantron test?
"text":"Which of these US traffic signs is usually a triangle?
"text":"What do you call a sandy piece of land on top of a coral reef?
"text":"Movie “trailers” got their name because they used to play where?
"text":"Steampunk is part of what genre?
"text":"What word describes a victory that takes so much out of the winner that it’s basically a loss?
"text":"What was the name of the blog Meghan Markle ran before becoming Duchess of Sussex?
"text":"Which plant shares its name with the national park created to preserve it?
"text":"What film was written by relatives of the president of the Chicago Cubs baseball team?
"text":"Which of these instruments is Prince NOT credited as playing on his album “For You”?
"text":"Which of these Roman emperors had the shortest reign?
"text":"A hot dog is what type of food?
"text":"What impressive accomplishment was Koko the Gorilla most known for?
"text":"Which of these shoe styles typically has no laces?
"text":"Which of these is NOT typically found in modern fiction books?
"text":"Which of these is both an English county and a type of sauce?
"text":"Which of these retail chains is eponymous?
"text":"Which of these Yiddish words has a positive connotation?
"text":"Who ran the empire of which it was commonly said \"the sun never sets\"?
"text":"Which pricing game on “The Price is Right” is loosely based on Yahtzee?
"text":"In the 1939 film “The Wizard of Oz,” which of these made two characters fall unconscious?
"text":"What constellation includes the brightest star in Earth’s night sky?
"text":"According to historians, in what position did Michelangelo paint the Sistine Chapel’s ceiling?
"text":"The day of the year with the most hours of sunlight is known as what?
"text":"The dance move where you quickly duck your head into your elbow is called what?
"text":"Jimmy Buffett sings a famous song about a place based on what beverage?
"text":"Which of these is another term for a vintner?
"text":"If a vinyl record is called a “45,” the 45 refers to its what?
"text":"During production, “Return of the Jedi” was briefly known as what?
"text":"Which of these is NOT one of the colors of the cards soccer referees can give to players?
"text":"Which of these animals is native to North America?
"text":"The “G” in the time zone GMT refers to what?
"text":"In the Crimean War, what side fought without another country as its ally?
"text":"Which of these 1990s hit songs features only a single vocalist?
"text":"Which of these people currently has a holiday that sometimes falls on his actual birthday?
"text":"Whose face is on the US one-dollar bill?
"text":"What did the giant in “Jack and the Beanstalk” famously say?
"text":"A motherboard is most often a crucial component of what?
"text":"Which bird noise is also a common type of social media post?
"text":"Which of these is “an uncooked sauce” that comes in green or red?
"text":"Which of these words is an antonym for paucity?
"text":"Which of these wealthy people has NEVER mounted a US presidential campaign?
"text":"Which was a brand name for 20th-century coin-operated restaurants?
"text":"Which nation is also the name of a territory in the board game Risk?
"text":"What classic TV show opens with music composed by an inventor of the sousaphone?
"text":"Which school’s campus is technically in a different city than the other two?
"text":"Mia Farrow’s mother acted in multiple films based on whose books?
"text":"What type of court is typically found in shopping malls?
"text":"According to an old saying, “necessity is the mother of” what?
"text":"Who was the first vice president of the United States?
"text":"What popular board game introduced the “Pop-O-Matic” bubble?
"text":"Which of these shapes has eight corners?
"text":"Which of these shows was NOT a spinoff of “Happy Days”?
"text":"What is Southeast Asia’s only landlocked nation?
"text":"Popular in Europe, bandy is extremely similar to what other sport?
"text":"Using its original dictionary definition, “decimating” 100 apples would leave you with how many?
"text":"Bonding fructose with glucose will produce which of these things?
"text":"Bible verses appear in the lyrics of which of these classic ’60s rock songs?
"text":"Which of these is a real former Academy Award category?
"text":"In NCAA softball, how do pitchers throw to the batter?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a common medical condition?
"text":"Who is credited with inventing the 720-degree aerial skateboard trick?
"text":"What is the name of Luka Doncic’s previous basketball team?
"text":"What state’s NFL football team shares a name with Saturn’s largest moon?
"text":"Since 1970, what female golfer has won the most majors?
"text":"What positions are involved in baseball’s rare 9-3 putout?
"text":"Who has the current record for most singles wins versus Serena Williams?
"text":"After a draft-night trade, what NBA team just landed NCAA basketball’s leading man in both scores and assists last season?
"text":"What hockey team has lost the most NHL Winter Classic games?
"text":"By current record, what is the best baseball team that has been no-hit this year?
"text":"Which racing series was the first to have a female driver compete at the top level?
"text":"In the travel industry, B&B stands for “bed and” what?
"text":"What is the typical response to a joke starting with “Knock, knock”?
"text":"Who’s there?
"text":"What are those?
"text":"According to the famous movie quote, where does nobody put Baby?
"text":"How would you wish a French speaker “good luck”?
"text":"Which of these fashion terms comes from an English town?
"text":"In “Green Eggs and Ham,” Sam-I-Am does NOT mention eating with what animal?
"text":"What US city has a transit system called BART?
"text":"The original cover of which of these novels features a photograph taken by the author?
"text":"Which of these words is considered autological?
"text":"Which of these Revolutionary War battles happened first?
"text":"Which of these states has NOT hosted a Super Bowl?
"text":"A special episode of “Mister Rogers’ Neighborhood” went behind the scenes of what TV show?
"text":"Saucy ground beef served on a bun is known as what kind of “Joe”?
"text":"Melissa Joan Hart got her big break playing the title character on what TV show?
"text":"In “Double Dare,” kids often had to find an orange flag inside a giant what?
"text":"In the lyrics of their 1999 hit, what way did the Backstreet Boys want it?
"text":"What ’90s teen film was based on the classic Jane Austen novel “Emma”?
"text":"What was the nickname crew members used for the slime on “Double Dare”?
"text":"Which of these popular ’90s accessories was invented by a teacher?
"text":"In which of these video games could you enter a code to play as a US president?
"text":"Before moving to Orlando, where did “Double Dare” film its episodes?
"text":"In “Forrest Gump,” what phrase does Forrest say right before “a box of chocolates”?
"text":"Which of these was NOT a frequently featured team on “Legends of the Hidden Temple”?
"text":"The musician behind the “Rugrats” theme also recorded which of these songs?
"text":"The ’90s game Pogs got its name from an acronym containing which of these words?
"text":"The Hubble Telescope was launched into space by what NASA shuttle?
"text":"Which Spice Girl sings the first line in the first verse of the group's hit song \"Wannabe\"?
"text":"The mythical Cupid is known to carry around what equipment?
"text":"What character is famous for wearing a yellow shirt with a black zigzag?
"text":"What does the word “triceratops” literally translate to?
"text":"Which instrument is sometimes recommended by doctors because it encourages deep breathing?
"text":"When you order a lobster tail, you're actually getting what part of its body?
"text":"When referred to in a group, which of these birds also describes the UK government?
"text":"Which of these is NOT the nickname of a Baseball Hall of Fame player?
"text":"What is the capital of the only US state that can be typed with only one row on a QWERTY keyboard?
"text":"Which of these is a common nickname for “William”?
"text":"Which of these is a structure designed to use gravity to store and distribute liquid?
"text":"Which of these terms refers to the energy content of food?
"text":"What class of animal is a mongoose?
"text":"Which of these is a real classification for a larger-than-average film production company?
"text":"The dark rings inside tree trunks mainly form during what season?
"text":"Ironic in retrospect, what was the royal motto of Anne Boleyn?
"text":"Which of these words is a synonym for “naive”?
"text":"Which of these wrestlers has only performed as a good guy?
"text":"Which novel is set in a world whose name comes from Germanic mythology?
"text":"What was the first Nobel Prize category won by an American?
"text":"Which classic Arthur Miller play has had the most recent Broadway revival?
"text":"Which of these games is designed to be played by just one person?
"text":"People who subscribe to see your posts on Instagram are called your what?
"text":"Which of these nursery-rhyme animals does NOT usually come in a group of three?
"text":"The word “pontiff” is commonly used to refer to what?
"text":"Which nation’s capital begins and ends with the same letter?
"text":"Business magnate Warren Buffett is known as “The Oracle of” what?
"text":"In which Nintendo game could you successfully use the Konami code?
"text":"What artist had a brother who released a song titled “I Didn’t Walk the Line”?
"text":"Which president’s child once received a pet dog from a Soviet leader?
"text":"For which of these roles did Julia Louis-Dreyfus win an Emmy?
"text":"Of these three states, which one’s second-biggest city has the greatest population?
"text":"Which of these names was originally suggested for the planet Uranus?
"text":"Which of these vehicles is designed for snow-covered hills?
"text":"Who wrote the poem “The Raven”?
"text":"Which of these is an Italian fried-dough snack resembling a donut?
"text":"Of these historical accessories, which is worn on a different body part than the other two?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a real animal?
"text":"What rock n roll classic begins with the words, “Well it’s one for the money, two for the show”?
"text":"Pronounced zygomatic arches can be particularly helpful in which of these professions?
"text":"The video game giant Capcom gets its name from a portmanteau of what words?
"text":"What is the last letter of the English alphabet?
"text":"Which of these is a popular type of aquarium fish?
"text":"By definition, which of these terms directly refers to the daughter of someone's aunt?
"text":"The explorer Marco Polo was famous for traveling to what place?
"text":"Which of these would most directly affect someone’s olfactory receptors?
"text":"Which of these is a real move in the “Macarena” dance?
"text":"Which of these US first ladies was also the mother of another president?
"text":"The tendency to remember positive memories better than negative ones is known as what?
"text":"Which of these hit songs was No. 1 on the Billboard charts the longest?
"text":"A tricycle with two wheels in the front is named for a kind of what?
"text":"Which of these musical artists has been to Sesame Street?
"text":"Which of these world-famous classical structures is the oldest?
"text":"To avoid a knockout, a boxer has to get up from a knockdown before a count of what?
"text":"The most recent NBA MVP plays for which team?
"text":"Which turn is most common in NASCAR?
"text":"Among golf’s four majors, what is the only one currently played on the same course every year?
"text":"What is the MLB ruling if a catcher’s mitt gets in the way of a hitter’s swing during a pitch?
"text":"The person with the most career women’s college basketball wins coached which team?
"text":"Which of these refers to a specific kind of golf scoring system?
"text":"Of these leagues, which has been around the longest?
"text":"Which of these animals has been part of an Olympic demonstration sport?
"text":"Which of these teams has won back-to-back NBA titles?
"text":"Which of these is a World Cup tie-breaker if teams are even on points, goals, and goal differential?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a team affiliated with a Major League Baseball franchise?
"text":"Which of these organizations sets a minimum age of 50 for its members?
"text":"What animal is brisket traditionally made from?
"text":"Which of these colors is prominent on the current Canadian flag?
"text":"In “Harry Potter” books, a game of Quidditch ends immediately if the seeker does what?
"text":"When lava cools and solidifies, it creates what kind of rock?
"text":"Which of these albums was released first?
"text":"Which of these is a fancy synonym to refer to life’s “ups and downs”?
"text":"In which video game is the Kingdom of Hyrule found?
"text":"What matching accessory often accompanies a Japanese happi?
"text":"Which of these classic films starred a real-life couple?
"text":"Which tech invention was foreseen in the novel “Fahrenheit 451”?
"text":"Which of these is a real educational institution in the US?
"text":"In the choosing game, players can throw rock, paper, or what?
"text":"Someone holding a grudge is said to have what on their shoulder?
"text":"The indentation on the bottom of a wine bottle shares a name with what sports term?
"text":"Which “Sesame Street” character’s first name is Aloysius?
"text":"What is the chemical symbol for the element with the shortest English name?
"text":"Which Disney animated film has NOT been adapted into a Broadway musical?
"text":"Which of these geographical features borders the most US states?
"text":"In the Jay-Z song “Empire State of Mind,” which of these New York locations is mentioned by name?
"text":"Which famously shelf-stable food is made by bees?
"text":"In the entertainment industry, “EGOT” stands for Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and what?
"text":"Which of these sports is often played on the beach?
"text":"The literary character Don Quixote is also known by what moniker?
"text":"If you have European ancestry, you are almost certainly descended from which of these historical figures?
"text":"In the movie “Mean Girls,” what do the Plastics say they do on Wednesdays?
"text":"What is the term for a visual hallucination triggered by a migraine?
"text":"Which city is home to one of the holiest sites within Islam?
"text":"Which of these federal departments oversees one of the seven uniformed services of the US?
"text":"Which Emmy winner made a pre-fame TV appearance as a game show contestant?
"text":"Which dwarf planet in our solar system passes closest to the Sun?
"text":"James Cook is credited with bringing “taboo” to the English language from what place?
"text":"A break in a live theater performance is often known as what?
"text":"Which term refers to the practice of tightly wrapping newborn babies in blankets?
"text":"The primary source of the Mississippi River is found in the northern part of which state?
"text":"Which of these words is a synonym for both “flag” and “ordinary”?
"text":"In which of these sports is it NOT common for an umpire to yell “Out”?
"text":"Which of these titles is a sequel to the book “Little Women”?
"text":"What building’s framework is seen in the famous photo “Lunch Atop a Skyscraper”?
"text":"Which of these performers got her break on “The All-New Mickey Mouse Club”?
"text":"The clear liquid separating the human retina and lens is known as what kind of “humor”?
"text":"Which of these films boasts a soundtrack performed exclusively by female artists?
"text":"Which of these countries has NOT been included on the Tour de France route?
"text":"The author of the novel “Jurassic Park” was responsible for the TV show featuring which character?
"text":"Which of these is a popular science fiction franchise?
"text":"What does the internet acronym YMMV mean?
"text":"You Meant Milli Vanilli?
"text":"Which instrument can be played pizzicato?
"text":"What color is chartreuse?
"text":"What principle is the first of Isaac Asimov’s three robotics laws concerned with?
"text":"Ludwig van Beethoven received musical instruction from which of these classic composers?
"text":"Which NES game was NOT playable with the ROB accessory?
"text":"Which classic story was written by the co-author of a famous writing guide?
"text":"What imaginary African nation is ruled by the comic book hero Black Panther?
"text":"In “The Wizard of Oz,” what takes Dorothy to Oz?
"text":"What creatures act as the postal service in the “Harry Potter” films?
"text":"Which of these songs was featured in a “Rocky” movie?
"text":"Famed costume designer Patricia Field worked on which of these films?
"text":"Which pair of “Girls Trip” actresses co-starred in a different film more than two decades earlier?
"text":"In the the original 1977 “Star Wars” film, which of these characters says the line, “May the force be with you”?
"text":"What does Tom Cruise’s “Risky Business” character do right before his iconic dance scene?
"text":"The word “paparazzi” came directly from what classic Italian movie?
"text":"In “The Silence of the Lambs,” what does Hannibal Lecter say when meeting Clarice for the first time?
"text":"Which of these ocean-themed movies features a bird named after an ’80s action star?
"text":"What is the last line of the last “Lord of the Rings” film?
"text":"What do cars typically drive on?
"text":"In what general direction does the sun rise?
"text":"A cocktail of vodka and orange juice is named for what tool?
"text":"If a baseball umpire calls four pitches in an at-bat as “balls,” what is the ruling?
"text":"Which of these animals is known for its ability to detect electricity?
"text":"By definition, a company with “amalgamated” in its name probably used to be what?
"text":"Which of these muscle-bound action stars has a twin?
"text":"Which of these was a hazard in older editions of the game Candy Land?
"text":"The production company co-founded by Rob Reiner is named for whose fictional creation?
"text":"Which of these national flags combines a design element with three horizontal stripes?
"text":"The first US president who served in the Air Force was also the first president to do what?
"text":"Which of these novels is NOT known for having an unreliable narrator?
"text":"What sticky substance is often used to repair broken items?
"text":"What body part are cufflinks worn next to?
"text":"Which of these celebrities won back-to-back acting Oscars in the 1990s?
"text":"In wrestling, what term refers to pretending that scripted theatrics are totally real?
"text":"What electrical unit is represented by the Greek letter Omega?
"text":"What US state is home to more active volcanoes than any other?
"text":"In American Sign Language, what letter of the alphabet looks like you’re wishing for good luck?
"text":"Who posted the most-liked photo in Instagram’s history thus far?
"text":"Which of these words describes a house made out of snow?
"text":"Sunglasses with UV protection help keep you safe from what?
"text":"Fake movie and TV phone numbers are known for having what three digits?
"text":"What unit of US currency is associated with the coin bearing Sacagawea’s image?
"text":"“Rick and Morty” fans freaked out last year when some were unable to get what kind of sauce?
"text":"Who was NOT one of the astronauts on the trip for the first moon landing?
"text":"In an old theater tradition, actors would get closing night flowers stolen from where?
"text":"Who did Napoleon reportedly say did \"more than all the armies in Europe\" to bring him down?
"text":"Who is the “girl” in Drake’s famous lyric, “Is that a world tour or your girl’s tour?
"text":"The group of robbers known as the Bling Ring stole from which of these actors?
"text":"Which extremely British word has NOT been named a UK Word of the Year by Oxford Dictionaries?
"text":"Of these classic films, which has the shortest running time?
"text":"What sport has a maximum score of 300?
"text":"In which of these sporting events do competitors use a broom during game play?
"text":"Which stat is NOT considered part of the classic “triple crown” in baseball?
"text":"Which of these Warriors is currently a potential free agent for the upcoming season?
"text":"Which of these players is NOT among the leading vote-getters for this year’s MLB All-Star teams?
"text":"Who was the last golfer to win the same major in back-to-back years?
"text":"What QB was just named No. 1 on NFL.com’s “Top 100 Players” list for the second straight year?
"text":"If one MLB baserunner passes another while both are still active players, which runner is out?
"text":"Where is the WTA’s current No. 1-ranked women’s tennis player in the world from?
"text":"Which city’s major marathon comes last in the calendar year?
"text":"In women’s soccer, what nation is second to the US in combined World Cup wins and Olympic golds?
"text":"Which of these players was an All-Star every year he played in the NBA?
"text":"Which of these sports uses a puck?
"text":"What Latin phrase is written on most US currency?
"text":"By surface area, which is the smallest of the Great Lakes?
"text":"Otto von Bismarck was the first official chancellor of what empire?
"text":"How is the word “center” typically spelled in England?
"text":"Recurring characters Jay and Silent Bob repeatedly show up in the films of what director?
"text":"Just over three days is the record for longest time spent by humans where?
"text":"What type of plant do winemakers put in vineyards to detect mildew in the air?
"text":"Which of these movies stars the son of a former MLB commissioner?
"text":"What famous structure was designed by a contest winner who received 5,000 pounds?
"text":"Which of these people does NOT have an element on the periodic table named after them?
"text":"Which of these record labels was founded in a college dorm?
"text":"Which of these creatures is usually capable of flight?
"text":"Which of these agencies is responsible for maritime law enforcement in the US?
"text":"What punctuation mark indicates emphasis or high volume?
"text":"Which of these nations is an example of an archipelago?
"text":"Of the eight lunar phases, what comes directly after a new moon?
"text":"Which of these dishes is baked inside a pastry?
"text":"In what athletic activity would you use equipment featuring “sandwich rubbers”?
"text":"Which of these actors has NOT played CIA analyst Jack Ryan?
"text":"What classic arcade game is composed of a series of mini games?
"text":"Which city in East Asia boasts the largest LGBT pride parade?
"text":"Which of these is a chapter in “Lord of the Flies” AND a song by the band behind “Achtung Baby”?
"text":"The one temple among the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World was dedicated to a goddess of what?
"text":"Which of these can help significantly when building a campfire?
"text":"Which of these is a common way of preparing eggs?
"text":"Which of these animated films does NOT share its name with its main character?
"text":"As found on mobile phones, “LTE” represents what term?
"text":"Canadians use the term “Chinook” to refer to a type of what?
"text":"What nation’s capital is also the name of a key character in the “The Iliad”?
"text":"By what name was Canada Day known before 1982?
"text":"Which of these artists recorded one of Billboard’s 10 best-performing songs of all time?
"text":"What type of professor is NOT eligible to nominate someone for a Nobel Peace Prize?
"text":"What city is on track to be the only one to host Olympic Games in different seasons?
"text":"In which classic movie does one of the leading stars play two very different parts?
"text":"Which household grocery item was NOT invented by a Canadian?
"text":"How are most doorknobs operated?
"text":"Which title is a real movie in the “Pirates of the Caribbean” series?
"text":"What time does a clock display when the big hand is on 6 and the little hand is between 2 and 3?
"text":"Which of these places does NOT touch the Persian Gulf?
"text":"What was John Harrison’s solution to the problem of calculating longitude at sea?
"text":"Which of these fizzy drinks glows under a blacklight?
"text":"What is the only element in the molecule named for the eccentric inventor of “Dymaxion” products?
"text":"Which is NOT a component in the board game Mouse Trap?
"text":"A computer program used for writing is generically called what?
"text":"What legendary comic book hero first appeared in print in 1941?
"text":"Wifi is a pun based on a shortened version of what phrase?
"text":"What does a dashed line between lanes of a US road mean?
"text":"By total area, which pair of countries are closest in size?
"text":"Which of these is a gender-specific word for a horse?
"text":"The Sleeping Beauty Castle at Disneyland was inspired by a real castle in what country?
"text":"Mermaid’s wine glass is a common name for a type of what?
"text":"Which of these was NOT a ’90s-era Bath & Body Works scent?
"text":"What classic children’s activity is an example of a heterarchy?
"text":"Which of these insects is the official state butterfly for the most US states?
"text":"What legendary artist is credited as a producer on multiple Disney Channel Original Movies?
"text":"According to a classic song, going over the river and through the wood gets you where?
"text":"Which of these is typically found inside a pencil?
"text":"Who is the protagonist of the “Lord of the Rings” movies?
"text":"Which of these television shows is still airing new episodes?
"text":"What section of an orchestra is the glockenspiel a part of?
"text":"What is unusual about the Mediterranean cheese Casu marzu?
"text":"Which of these memes was popularized first?
"text":"The most common style of beer prior to the Middle Ages did NOT include which of these ingredients?
"text":"Which of these European countries adopted the modern Gregorian calendar most recently?
"text":"The atmosphere on Earth 3 billion years ago contained almost none of what gas?
"text":"Which of these US states has NOT ratified the Equal Rights Amendment?
"text":"Which of these typically requires the most water to grow?
"text":"Much of the US is currently experiencing what weather phenomenon?
"text":"What word can mean both “documents” and “underwear”?
"text":"What is the business term for a fund with small amounts of discretionary income?
"text":"What nut is traditionally used to make marzipan?
"text":"What letters would you expect to find in the gerund form of a verb?
"text":"Which of these is mentioned last in the King James Bible?
"text":"Which of these is NOT an African nation?
"text":"Which American currently holds the official record for most Tour de France wins?
"text":"What physical quantity is speed combined with direction?
"text":"Which is NOT a space on the Yahtzee score sheet?
"text":"Which of these hit songs is by the godmother to Elton John’s children?
"text":"The final Best Picture Oscar awarded in a year starting with “1” was for which film?
"text":"Who is the home team in this year’s MLB All-Star Game?
"text":"Which of these people is NOT officially part of a cricket match?
"text":"Which of these players has NOT agreed to join LeBron with the Lakers this offseason?
"text":"What is the name of the NHL team based in Toronto?
"text":"What Seahawks “Legion of Boom” secondary just announced he’s leaving football?
"text":"An MLB manager ejected by an umpire can watch the game from the stands under which of these conditions?
"text":"Which American star was upset in the first round at Wimbledon this week?
"text":"In darts, the name of the throwing line is said to come from what old contest?
"text":"What racer has taken home the most Formula 1 world championships?
"text":"Whose No. 4 jersey was famously retired on July 4th?
"text":"Which of these people has been named head coach of the New York Jets the most times?
"text":"What nation has lost the most World Cup finals without ever winning it all?
"text":"What type of mark is typically the result of overly vigorous kissing?
"text":"Which of these places is an island?
"text":"The “rule of thirds” is often used in which of these activities?
"text":"In which of these books are most of the male characters named after plants?
"text":"In traditional color theory, which of these colors is considered cool?
"text":"Which of these time periods on Earth is closest to how long it takes for the sun to fully rotate once?
"text":"Which of these mythical monsters originated in the Americas?
"text":"The Pennsylvania Amish traditionally speak a dialect of what language?
"text":"Which of these movies is considered “fresh” on Rotten Tomatoes?
"text":"Which of these celebrities had an official variety of rose named after them first?
"text":"What American conflict counts the greatest number of US presidents as veterans?
"text":"Which of these sea creatures is NOT considered property of the Queen when caught in British waters?
"text":"An extremely American thing is said to be “as American as” what?
"text":"The expression “24/7” refers to what time frame?
"text":"What recreation has been known as “America’s Pastime” for over a century?
"text":"By acreage, which US site is the largest?
"text":"Which of these was a real conflict in American history?
"text":"If you divide one number by another, what mathematical term describes the result?
"text":"What is an old-fashioned word for a device used to shield people from rain?
"text":"Which university is part of a famous football rivalry with a trophy named for an animal product?
"text":"Which of these is found in the southernmost US state?
"text":"The book “Closing Time” is a sequel to a novel that features what character?
"text":"What astrological sign’s symbol is a bizarre hybrid creature?
"text":"On the set of “Jaws,” what name did the crew use to refer to the mechanical creature?
"text":"What color is NOT represented in the American flag?
"text":"As JFK said, “Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your” what?
"text":"Which of these lyrics is in Miley Cyrus’s “Party in the USA”?
"text":"The song “Yankee Doodle” was originally meant to mock whom?
"text":"Which of these “Simpsons” characters was named for a US president?
"text":"Where does America’s most famous competitive hot dog eating competition take place?
"text":"What is the nickname of the only US president born on the 4th of July?
"text":"Which US military academy is located farthest to the east?
"text":"What state boasts the capital city with the longest name?
"text":"The US president who founded the Bull Moose Party was also the first to publicly ride in a what?
"text":"Which of these very American things was created the earliest?
"text":"In “Independence Day,” what word does the American president say will get a “new meaning”?
"text":"If your clothing catches fire, experts urge you to “stop, drop and” what?
"text":"In the US, highway speed limits are posted in what unit of measurement?
"text":"According to the song, “if there’s something strange in the neighborhood,” who are you going to call?
"text":"The outside of which of these fruits technically consists of coalesced berries?
"text":"Which of these Sega systems was released first?
"text":"Which university considered Blue Eagles and Blue Warriors as its mascot nicknames?
"text":"In Tom Petty’s “Free Fallin,” the subject of the first verse is NOT said to love which of these things?
"text":"What future president earned the nickname “Iron Butt” for the long hours he spent studying?
"text":"On the most recent Forbes list of highest-paid athletes, the top earner comes from what sport?
"text":"Which of these was once an actual car model?
"text":"Which of these things happened to the World Cup trophy in the 1960s?
"text":"Which of these was previously the name of a US state capital?
"text":"Which of these is a subatomic particle?
"text":"What two active ingredients combine to form the classic “foaming volcano” science project?
"text":"What onetime employee of Thomas Edison went on to invent alternating current?
"text":"What is the name of a famous theory proposed by Albert Einstein in 1905?
"text":"Which of these is NOT considered one of the six simple machines?
"text":"The \"geyser\" that results from dropping Mentos in soda is caused by the candy’s reaction with what substance?
"text":"Which of these temperatures is closest to that of a piece of metal left in deep space?
"text":"Which set of items did a US astronaut drop on the moon to prove Galileo's equivalence principle?
"text":"Rosalind Franklin was only posthumously recognized for her pioneering research in what field?
"text":"The inverse relationship between a fluid’s speed and its pressure is named for a scientist from where?
"text":"Buffalo, New York was the site of what key 20th-century invention?
"text":"One of two elements Marie Curie helped discover pays tribute to her what?
"text":"What device raises a car up when attaching a spare tire?
"text":"Where does Superman’s mild-mannered alter-ego work?
"text":"What is the very first element on the periodic table?
"text":"What animal is the mascot of the US Marines?
"text":"Which of these nations is a homophone for a common kind of tree?
"text":"What is the tallest inhabited building in the US west of the Mississippi River?
"text":"The character Yoshi first appeared in what Nintendo video game?
"text":"According to the USDA, which of these countries is currently among the world's top five beef producers?
"text":"Which of these is true about the women depicted in “Mona Lisa” and “Girl with a Pearl Earring”?
"text":"What right is NOT guaranteed by the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution?
"text":"What artist once actually gave half his Grammy to the person he thought should have won?
"text":"Where can you find the train station with more platforms than any other in the world?
"text":"According to the old saying, when you only have a hammer, everything looks like what?
"text":"Which of these days is referred to as “hump day”?
"text":"Which combination of letters signifies hugs and kisses?
"text":"In baseball, a game-winning home run in the bottom of the 9th inning is called a what?
"text":"Which Texas city is farthest north?
"text":"Which of these actors played James Bond in the 1980s?
"text":"The tunnel that connects New York City and Weehawken, New Jersey, is named after which president?
"text":"On “The Office,” which of these characters joined The Michael Scott Paper Company?
"text":"Which capital city is NOT in a country that ends in “-stan”?
"text":"Which of these kinds of stone can be found scattered across a Pacific archipelago?
"text":"What is Cavity Sam’s newest affliction in the board game “Operation”?
"text":"Which of these is NOT the name of a bar in Antarctica?
"text":"A 10-story billboard of what athlete has just been taken down in Cleveland?
"text":"What tennis Grand Slam is played on crushed red brick and white limestone?
"text":"What NBA team did DeAndre Jordan finally sign with three years after backing out of an agreement with them?
"text":"What MLB starting pitcher had the fewest wins in his Cy Young-winning season?
"text":"Before Ronda Rousey was an MMA champion, she medaled in what Olympic sport?
"text":"What NFL coach said, “If God had wanted man to play soccer, he wouldn’t have given us arms”?
"text":"Who is the all-time leading scorer at the Women’s World Cup?
"text":"Where was Brett Farve's first NFL team located?
"text":"Which NHL star is NOT one of two native Russians to win the Conn Smythe Trophy?
"text":"Who holds the record for most majors won by a men’s golfer born outside the US?
"text":"The “Knickerbocker Rules” was an early list of guidelines for what sport?
"text":"Which of these professional basketball teams played in both Eastern and Western division finals?
"text":"Which of these is a two-wheeled vehicle?
"text":"What term refers to a sensationalist headline designed to manipulate web surfers into reading a story?
"text":"What do many children’s shoes have instead of laces?
"text":"Which science-fiction franchise traveled back in time to save whales?
"text":"The Spanish phrase “mano a mano” literally translates to what?
"text":"What popular game includes a spinner with 16 possible spaces?
"text":"By definition, a philistine would likely NOT be interested in which of these things?
"text":"What term is used by job recruiters for a rare candidate with all the desired qualifications?
"text":"Above Rockefeller Center’s ice rink in New York is a statue of the Greek god who created what?
"text":"Which of these nations has a two-headed bird on its current national flag?
"text":"A Hermann Hesse novel inspired the name of the band behind what hit song?
"text":"Tyler Perry did NOT act in which of these Tyler Perry films?
"text":"What name describes a sandwich without any bread on top?
"text":"To what part of a jacket are decorative pins often attached?
"text":"The musical “A Little Night Music” features a famous song called “Send In the” what?
"text":"Which of these terms describes a dance that involves moving one leg in a circle?
"text":"What cave feature is known for pointing down?
"text":"What was the most well-known nickname of musician William Basie?
"text":"What were the first names of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde in the original story?
"text":"Meringue is NOT typically included in which of these desserts?
"text":"Before being nominated, which Secretary of State was a professor at Georgetown?
"text":"Which of these artists did NOT perform at Live Aid?
"text":"Which of these cities contains an active coin-producing mint for US currency?
"text":"Which actress won an Oscar for portraying a lookalike of real Hollywood star Veronica Lake?
"text":"Which of these symbols is a quick substitute for the word “and”?
"text":"Which of these animals is a mammal?
"text":"Which word refers both to a type of sandwich and a type of boat?
"text":"The cast of “The Brady Bunch” included a main character with which of these names?
"text":"Which of these rom-coms was directed by a man?
"text":"Which of these planets is known for having a Great Cold Spot?
"text":"“Laughter” is an eye rhyme with which of these words?
"text":"Although pronounced differently, which rapper’s name describes a pattern on corduroy pants?
"text":"In a rack-and-pinion steering system, which part is round?
"text":"What is the only national capital city that shares its borders with two other countries?
"text":"Hedy Lamarr was the basis for what iconic animated character’s looks?
"text":"Which accent has Meryl Streep NEVER performed in a movie?
"text":"In internet terminology, what does “WWW” stand for?
"text":"What makes the Earth’s moon glow?
"text":"On average, the heaviest land animal on Earth is a variety of what?
"text":"In what kind of financial scheme was Bernie Madoff infamously involved?
"text":"The word “in” is commonly used as what part of speech?
"text":"Which “Star Wars” movie’s novelization opens with the line, “Now this is what I call cold”?
"text":"What is the name of the leather fabric that comes from the underside of an animal?
"text":"Which of these classic video game characters is a marsupial?
"text":"What state is at the north end of the Missouri-Kentucky border?
"text":"Which of these is the name of an annual intercollegiate solar-car race?
"text":"Which Shakespeare play does NOT solely consist of lines in verse?
"text":"Which of these is the surname of a chef credited with inventing a massively popular snack?
"text":"Which of these adjectives specifically relates to cats?
"text":"Which of these items is commonly found in a beefsteak variety?
"text":"Which of these is NOT the name of a hugely successful band?
"text":"Which of these does the original Monopoly board have the most of?
"text":"What mountain range is generally considered the border between European Russia and Asian Russia?
"text":"By definition, if somebody is experiencing diaphoresis, what are they doing?
"text":"Which of these was around in the 20th century?
"text":"Which of these films had the tagline, “Earth. It was fun while it lasted”?
"text":"In US customary units, a cask holding 63 gallons of wine is called what?
"text":"What is the real name of the “Scooby Doo” character that owns the titular Great Dane?
"text":"Which of these creatures has the fewest hearts?
"text":"Which of these was NOT part of the first meal eaten on the moon?
"text":"Which of these is an eating utensil that originated in Asia?
"text":"What item of clothing often has pockets?
"text":"What type of doctor works primarily with infants and children?
"text":"What is the main ingredient in polenta?
"text":"Which hit song was originally recorded by a band whose name is a palindrome?
"text":"In Major League Baseball, what is named for the only player with more than 500 career wins?
"text":"Which of these people was president of the United States most recently?
"text":"Which nation does NOT border Moldova?
"text":"Who filled David Letterman’s time slot immediately following his NBC departure?
"text":"What element comprises more human body mass than any other?
"text":"The Nintendo character who rules Sarasaland made her video game debut on what platform?
"text":"Which of these famous film roles was played by the movie’s director?
"text":"Coined by Hall of Fame pitcher Lefty Gomez, what does the phrase “gopher ball” mean?
"text":"Which of these is a common swimming stroke?
"text":"According to official MLB rules, which one of these must be “set in the ground”?
"text":"If a goalie commits a minor penalty in hockey, who goes to the penalty box?
"text":"Which of these cities is NOT home to NBA Summer League games this year?
"text":"Which of the four majors in golf is the youngest?
"text":"Which player publicly called out his peers after a teammate was snubbed from this year’s All-Star Game?
"text":"In the women’s bracket, who is the highest remaining seed still alive at Wimbledon?
"text":"Which boxer headlined the sport’s first seven-digit gate?
"text":"Which WNBA legend does NOT have the same number of regular-season MVP awards as the other two?
"text":"What nation has the most combined men’s and women’s Olympic gold medals in beach volleyball?
"text":"What MLB club is currently affiliated with the team Kevin Costner’s character plays for in “Bull Durham”?
"text":"Which of these is a common pizza topping?
"text":"What is a wooden structure that extends onto a body of water often called?
"text":"What film is the quote “I’m Batman” from?
"text":"Which of these adult animal’s brains most closely matches the human adult brain in weight?
"text":"According to the most recent American Veterinary Medical Association data, what state has the most dog owners per capita?
"text":"Which of these was an early moniker for what became Google?
"text":"In the famous line “Wherefore art thou Romeo?
"text":"Water buffalo are a key part of creating what dairy product?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a species of penguin?
"text":"What is the fan-fiction term for a character who is a glorified stand-in for the author?
"text":"Which musical was the last that Rodgers and Hammerstein collaborated on?
"text":"Which of these presidents is NOT known to have skinny-dipped in the Potomac River?
"text":"According to “Forbes,” who is poised to become “the youngest self-made billionaire ever”?
"text":"In May, the internet was divided on whether an audio recording was saying “Yanny” or what name?
"text":"Who is the father of the woman Justin Bieber just proposed to?
"text":"The star of which TV show hosted the 2018 season finale of “Saturday Night Live”?
"text":"In his first viral yodeling video, what was Mason Ramsey wearing?
"text":"Which of these historical figures appears in artwork in the latest music video from Beyoncé and Jay-Z?
"text":"Which of these Drake songs is currently highest on the Billboard Hot 100?
"text":"The name of Cardi B’s newborn is mostly likely a nod to what?
"text":"What is the name of the sport where you use special footwear to walk on snow?
"text":"Which of these animal body parts is also a name for old TV antennas?
"text":"People with gluten allergies should specifically avoid consuming what?
"text":"Which of these websites is NOT best described as a social network?
"text":"Which of these “big” movies was nominated for the most Academy Awards?
"text":"The Mooreeffoc Effect, defined as gaining a strange new perspective on a familiar thing, is named for what?
"text":"In addition to the mammal, “armadillo” can also refer to a type of what?
"text":"What is Bartleby, the Scrivener’s typical response in Herman Melville’s classic short story?
"text":"Which of these obscure sports is played with a bat?
"text":"Who is an unlikely villain in one of Shakespeare’s plays?
"text":"Which of these cities extends the farthest south?
"text":"What famous American writer opened up their home as a stop on the Underground Railroad?
"text":"What is peanut butter most commonly sold in?
"text":"In economics, what does “GDP” stand for?
"text":"What are the grounds of a school usually known as?
"text":"Which food is NOT traditionally made primarily of chickpeas?
"text":"What is the correct English spelling for the layer of Earth below the crust?
"text":"Which is the title of both a Metallica album and a film starring Al Pacino?
"text":"Brutalist architecture primarily uses what building material?
"text":"Which term can be used to describe San Marino, Vatican City, and Lesotho?
"text":"Which character on “The Simpsons” is NOT voiced by the same person as the other two?
"text":"Older lyrics to the song now known as “The Battle Hymn of the Republic” were about what person?
"text":"In calculus, what term represents the inverse of differentiation?
"text":"Which of these chefs does NOT have a namesake restaurant?
"text":"Which of these public figures recently made news for being duped by Sacha Baron Cohen?
"text":"Which iconic athlete is heading to her 10th Wimbledon final?
"text":"Who told Stephen Colbert this week that they would not rule out running for office in 2024?
"text":"Where is the World Cup title definitely NOT “coming home” to after the final on Sunday?
"text":"Which state will hold a federal primary runoff election next week?
"text":"After online backlash, MGM canceled plans for a series of wines based on what show?
"text":"The founder of which company created a kid-sized submarine to potentially rescue the Thai soccer team?
"text":"The singer of which song was nominated for an acting Emmy today?
"text":"After starting as an online bookstore, what tech giant opened physical bookstores?
"text":"The iPhone famously debuted with what multi-touch gesture?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a Facebook feature?
"text":"The Vine app limited videos to what length?
"text":"What is the name of Sheryl Sandberg’s best-selling book?
"text":"Apple was accused of stealing tech concepts like the mouse from what company?
"text":"Which rapper is the entrepreneur-in-residence at Los Angeles’ largest venture capital firm?
"text":"According to Coin Market Cap, which cryptocurrency has lost the least value by percentage in 2018?
"text":"Which of these tech figures has founded the most companies?
"text":"Who was the plaintiff in the famous antitrust case against Microsoft that settled in 2001?
"text":"Which of these is NOT one of the top 10 most-downloaded iOS apps of all time?
"text":"Which of these programs launched under a name for a kids’ game?
"text":"What is a female deer called?
"text":"According to the RYB color model, which of these is traditionally a secondary color?
"text":"What superhero is associated with the phrase, “With great power comes great responsibility”?
"text":"Which of these places is farthest north?
"text":"Which character in the US version of “The Office” is the equivalent to the British show’s Gareth?
"text":"What single was the first by a former Beatle to top the US charts?
"text":"Which of these is another name for the hashtag sign?
"text":"Which patriotic song’s lyrics come from a poem called “The Defence of Fort M’Henry”?
"text":"Which of these mammals lays eggs?
"text":"By area, which of these countries is the largest?
"text":"In 2006, a former USS Enterprise captain sold which of these items on eBay for $25,000?
"text":"Which of these animals has been elected to office in the US?
"text":"What are trees primarily made of?
"text":"Which of these instruments typically produces the lowest notes?
"text":"What is measured by the pH scale?
"text":"Which of these movie series has produced the most full-length theatrical features?
"text":"Cologne is the fourth-largest city in what nation?
"text":"The adjective “lilliputian” comes from the works of what author?
"text":"What was the original 1981 edition of Trivial Pursuit called?
"text":"An improbably tall sandwich is named for a character in what comic strip?
"text":"Which of these sporting events occurs earliest in the calendar year?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a name of a woman in the Bible?
"text":"Who was the first American woman be named “Time” magazine’s Person of the Year?
"text":"The Macintosh alert sound “Sosumi” was named to taunt whose legal representatives?
"text":"When a catcher puts down one finger, they’re usually telling a pitcher to do what?
"text":"What nation nicknamed its soccer team the “Socceroos”?
"text":"Which of these MLB players currently has the most home runs this season?
"text":"What flag is used to signal to NASCAR drivers that there is one lap left in the race?
"text":"The last player to win NBA MVP from the Eastern Conference came from what team?
"text":"What fighter has the record for most consecutive wins in the UFC?
"text":"What NBA franchise has won the greatest percentage of regular-season games in its history?
"text":"Which of these does NOT stand at a height of 120 inches?
"text":"Which of these teams won a championship before the Super Bowl was created?
"text":"At the end of “The Play” from Cal-Stanford ‘82, Kevin Moen runs over a student who is holding what instrument?
"text":"After agreeing to a transfer, where will Cristiano Ronaldo play home games next season?
"text":"In which venue can you find wood from the original Minneapolis Lakers home court?
"text":"Who was the main villain in the “Friday the 13th” horror films?
"text":"What was tattooed above Tupac Shakur’s navel?
"text":"Who is credited with inventing the first practical airplane?
"text":"Michelangelo’s sculpture “David” is holding what object on his shoulder?
"text":"If you are watching a lunar eclipse from Earth, what is blocking your view of the Sun?
"text":"LeBron James’s current NBA jersey number is the same as whose?
"text":"Which of these animals is a ruminant?
"text":"The first European known to reach the Pacific Ocean gave it what name?
"text":"Which mobile game is NOT from a Finnish company?
"text":"Which of these is NOT an official beverage of a US state?
"text":"In which of these Bond movies does the main villain have his eye covered up?
"text":"By number of copies sold, the best-selling novelist alive writes mainly in what genre?
"text":"The Atlantic, Pacific, Indian, and Arctic are all what?
"text":"According to the saying, “An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of” what?
"text":"What usually happens to water at 32 degrees Fahrenheit?
"text":"Which of these is a common hairstyle?
"text":"Which of these types of spirits literally means “noisy ghost”?
"text":"In English, the city formerly known as Bombay is now called what?
"text":"The Max is to “Saved by the Bell” as the Peach Pit is to what?
"text":"The infamous disaster known as New Coke was later sold under what name?
"text":"On the periodic table, which of these elements is farthest to the right?
"text":"Which of these capital cities is in South America?
"text":"The president whose campaign slogan was “Not Just Peanuts” defeated which candidate?
"text":"Which of these celebrities has been married to the only person with Oscars for both acting and writing?
"text":"The word “golazo” is a soccer term for a great what?
"text":"On a soccer field, what is the name of the rounded line at top of the penalty area?
"text":"The Netherlands teams of the ’70s popularized a kind of position-less soccer called what?
"text":"By definition, in a 4-2-3-1 soccer formation there are four of what position?
"text":"At the World Cup, the Golden Ball is given to what player?
"text":"What nickname was given to Diego Maradona’s second goal in the 1986 World Cup quarterfinal vs. England?
"text":"The word “soccer” originated in which country?
"text":"What player scored the most goals in one World Cup?
"text":"Where was the last men’s World Cup game decided by the Golden Goal rule?
"text":"Who scored the winning goal for the US to give the country its first World Cup?
"text":"Who was the last player besides Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo to win the Ballon d’Or?
"text":"What nation has been named as a World Cup host more than any other?
"text":"What do people typically put in their hair after shampoo?
"text":"In the famous tongue twister, where does she sell seashells?
"text":"The phrase “Mum’s the word” is used to ask people to do what?
"text":"In a typical rainbow, which of these colors is closest to the middle?
"text":"Which of these books was NOT written by Jane Austen?
"text":"Which of these companies was acquired by Yahoo?
"text":"The inventor of the Super Soaker also held what job?
"text":"Which vice president served under the US president currently featured on the dime?
"text":"Which of these characters has Lin-Manuel Miranda played on “Sesame Street”?
"text":"Which group was an inaugural inductee to the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame?
"text":"According to the lyrics of Aaron Carter’s hit “That’s How I Beat Shaq,” how did he beat Shaquille O’Neal?
"text":"In the original Hotmail logo, what four letters were capitalized?
"text":"Which of these African cities is a national capital?
"text":"In “Home Alone,” which of these was NOT one of the songs performed by John Candy’s polka band?
"text":"Which of these characters’ names was inspired by a real-life zoo animal?
"text":"Instagram recently launched a feature that allowed users to do what?
"text":"The World Cup final was briefly stopped because of what?
"text":"A family of woodchucks has made national headlines for allegedly doing what?
"text":"At Beyoncé’s concert in Paris this weekend, who was seen dancing with her mom?
"text":"At the end of the summer, which retail chain will have only one physical location left in the US?
"text":"Who did NOT roast Bruce Willis this past weekend?
"text":"The hacker group named in Robert Mueller’s indictments on Friday took its name from what designer label?
"text":"Which member of the royal family did NOT attend Prince Louis’s christening this past week?
"text":"Which of these are designed to protect your eyes from the sun?
"text":"What does the “AM” stand for in 7:00 AM?
"text":"Which of these is a species of snake?
"text":"Sandra Day O’Connor was the first woman to serve in what role?
"text":"Which of these words is most common in Atlanta street names?
"text":"Which of these historical figures did NOT serve as vice president?
"text":"The Japanese word “tsundoku” means buying books and doing what with them?
"text":"Oregon’s biggest city was a coin flip away from being named for what other state’s biggest city?
"text":"Which of these words does NOT appear in The Doors’s “Light My Fire”?
"text":"Ahead of Google, who was associated with a free email service named G-mail?
"text":"By final score, what team won the closest Super Bowl of all time?
"text":"Jerry Seinfeld’s sitcom debut took place on a spin-off of what show?
"text":"San Francisco recently halted a program for sharing what mode of transportation?
"text":"According to “Forbes,” who is now Hollywood’s highest-paid actor?
"text":"When Amazon crashed on Prime Day, the website displayed pictures of what?
"text":"Who did Bryce Harper choose to pitch to him as he won last night’s Home Run Derby?
"text":"The viral “In My Feelings” dance challenge is based on a song by which artist?
"text":"The star of “Rogue One” has been named as the star of an upcoming biopic about a famous what?
"text":"The latest release of the video game Fortnite has a feature to let players do what?
"text":"Which of these is NOT one of the emoji announced by Apple today?
"text":"Human babies are surprisingly good at which of these things?
"text":"Chicago’s rapid transit system is nicknamed “the L,” which is short for what?
"text":"Who makes the computer operating system most famous for the “Blue Screen of Death”?
"text":"Which of these countries’ capital cities has the highest population?
"text":"In Disney’s “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs,” how does the Queen address her mirror?
"text":"What is a trumpet typically made out of?
"text":"In George Orwell’s allegorical book “Animal Farm,” what species represented the working classes?
"text":"In Spanish, the phrase “en absoluto” usually means which of these things?
"text":"In the original Super Mario Bros. game, Mario entering a pipe sounds the same as what?
"text":"Catholic Priests traditionally conduct “vespers” at around what time?
"text":"Which of these nations does NOT depict a rainbow on its current national flag?
"text":"Who created wedding dresses for the two most recently married first daughters?
"text":"Which of these icons just played in the MLB All-Star Celebrity Softball Game?
"text":"Which athlete’s real first name is Eldrick?
"text":"On the MLB All-Star team, which starting position is chosen by fan vote?
"text":"What New York Giant made the winning score to beat the Patriots in Super Bowl XLII?
"text":"Which of these nations has played in the greatest number of World Cup matches?
"text":"Who has blown the most saves in Major League history?
"text":"Who was NOT one of the five fighters to defeat Muhammad Ali?
"text":"The first solo woman to be named Sports Illustrated’s Sportsperson of the Year played what sport?
"text":"What is the only nation besides Canada or the US to get a silver medal in women’s Olympic hockey?
"text":"Which player scored 50 points in a game without a single point in the paint?
"text":"Which player won the MVP in a year he didn’t even make the All-Star team?
"text":"Which of these sporting events takes the most days to complete?
"text":"To win Tic-Tac-Toe, a player needs to get what?
"text":"Which of these words is an adverb?
"text":"What color stripe is at the bottom of a properly displayed LGBT pride flag?
"text":"In the 1800s, the term “hot mess” was often used to describe which of these things?
"text":"Which of these is NOT considered part of Polynesia?
"text":"Which band made a music video featuring comedy legend Milton Berle as a woman?
"text":"If you write out their chemical symbols, which combination of elements forms an English word?
"text":"What character did Tom Hanks play in the highest-grossing movie to star him?
"text":"Which of these is a common cut of steak?
"text":"San Diego’s massive annual convention celebrating modern pop culture is known as what?
"text":"Which baseball position stands several inches higher than the other players during the game?
"text":"Which US president had a middle name that was just a single letter?
"text":"Rapa Nui is the indigenous name of what location?
"text":"Before hitting it big, the leading star of what film supported himself as a carpenter?
"text":"Sailors once gave avocados the nickname of “midshipman’s” what?
"text":"Which of these polygons has the most sides?
"text":"Which car company founder once held the world land speed record for wheel-driven vehicles?
"text":"An original co-host of “20/20” was also the editor-in-chief of what magazine?
"text":"A character named Orc appears as a protagonist in the work of what author?
"text":"An 1800s scam involving watches led directly to the founding of which of these companies?
"text":"College fraternity and sorority names are represented by what?
"text":"Which of these prizes is awarded for excellence in filmmaking?
"text":"The space-and-time vehicle featured in “Doctor Who” closely resembles which of these things?
"text":"What does “amuse-bouche” literally translate to?
"text":"Who is credited with first observing the planetary rings of Saturn?
"text":"Which element, in its pure form, does NOT catch fire when it contacts water?
"text":"In the one-off ’90s hit “Steal My Sunshine,” what word gets spelled out?
"text":"The Haunted Mansion ride at Disney theme parks warns guests to watch out for what?
"text":"Which of these films features a big ol’ iceberg?
"text":"Which of these is a real character in the “Star Wars” films?
"text":"According to the end credits of “Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire,” which creatures were not harmed?
"text":"Which of these Disney films featured a future Batman?
"text":"At the end of “Brokeback Mountain,” what does Heath Ledger’s character say when looking at his lover’s shirt?
"text":"Which of these films has the same director as “The Nightmare Before Christmas”?
"text":"In “Waiting to Exhale,” what does Angela Bassett do to her husband’s car?
"text":"The final music performance in “Pitch Perfect” samples a song made famous by which film?
"text":"Which of these films stars an actor who once gave a five-word Oscar acceptance speech?
"text":"Which of these movies featured a breakout character based on the host of “Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives”?
"text":"The first actor to refuse an Oscar voiced a character in what animated film?
"text":"In “Deep Blue Sea,” what is the last thing Samuel L. Jackson says before the shark gets him?
"text":"Which animal has a beak?
"text":"Lady Justice is typically depicted holding what?
"text":"A chordophone uses what to make music?
"text":"Which of these religions often uses the ichthys as a symbol?
"text":"Carrie Fisher’s mother famously got her big break in what musical?
"text":"Prospectors used to bite gold to make sure it wasn’t “fool’s gold,” which is actually what?
"text":"The first black editor-in-chief at Condé Nast presided over which title?
"text":"In “Surfin’ USA,” where do The Beach Boys imagine everybody surfing?
"text":"Forty-nine years ago today, what did Neil Armstrong step on?
"text":"According to Einstein, what does E equal?
"text":"By definition, which of these beverages does NOT contain milk?
"text":"Which of these words describes a place where ships dock to load and unload?
"text":"How much of a glass of wine would you expect a “teetotaler” to drink on their own?
"text":"Which of these songs was written by a band whose name doubles as a Buddhist ideal?
"text":"What 12-step story structure is Joseph Campbell widely credited with creating?
"text":"Which of these is NOT something Tyler Perry’s Madea has done in the title of a film or play?
"text":"Which word describes both a type of stew and the kind of pot it is cooked in?
"text":"A US president once pressured a producer to remove a song from what movie musical?
"text":"Which of these two-letter words is NOT an acceptable Scrabble play?
"text":"In Mr. Rogers’ theme song, the opening line is “It’s a beautiful day” in what?
"text":"In car racing, the team that refills gas and changes tires is called the what?
"text":"After a 10th-inning home run, who took home top individual honors at this year’s MLB All-Star Game?
"text":"When a player hits a single, double, triple, and homer in the same game, they are said to do what?
"text":"Who holds the NBA record for highest percentage of rebounds grabbed in a season?
"text":"Which of these competitions has NOT had a teenage champion?
"text":"As measured by points per game, the highest scorer to be traded away this offseason came from what NBA team?
"text":"What team had the best record in the majors the last year the World Series was cancelled?
"text":"Which league broke an all-time single game scoring record this week?
"text":"The “Hail Mary” got its name from what football player?
"text":"Which of these gymnasts scored a perfect 10 in the Olympics most recently?
"text":"According to MLB’s rulebook, what direction would a line from home plate through second base point to?
"text":"The athlete with the most NBA MVP awards was born with what first name?
"text":"Which of these helps keep your place in a book?
"text":"What is the second part of the title of the classic Judy Blume novel “Are You There God?
"text":"’Sup?
"text":"Where was Joan of Arc from?
"text":"What are the key flavors in a caffè mocha?
"text":"In what species do males notably gestate the young?
"text":"Which model of iPod had no screen?
"text":"Who holds the power in an ergatocracy?
"text":"What nation’s flag features an emblem of a bird named after a ruler?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a book of the Bible?
"text":"An annual award for outstanding college football players is named for a director of what?
"text":"What is the object of the game sometimes called Cowboy Checkers?
"text":"Which of these titles is a single by Kendrick Lamar and a film directed by John Singleton?
"text":"According to an old expression, you shouldn’t count your chickens before they what?
"text":"Mick Jagger and Keith Richards are members of what legendary rock band?
"text":"From 1994 to 1999, Nelson Mandela was the president of what African nation?
"text":"Which of these rappers is also the name of a university in Des Moines, Iowa?
"text":"14 pounds is equivalent to what British unit of measurement?
"text":"Which of these Best Picture Oscar winners contains an explanation of game theory?
"text":"Hearst Magazines helped transform the Style Network into a TV channel using what magazine's name?
"text":"Bernoulli’s Principle would most likely be used in the design of what?
"text":"Which of these sexy Chris’s has been named People’s Sexiest Man Alive?
"text":"Which of these synonyms for a trinket is the oldest?
"text":"The term “skid row” was coined as a pathway for what kind of workers?
"text":"Which of these characters first appeared in the 1930s in a magazine called “Weird Tales”?
"text":"Which of these musicals features the song, “I Honestly Love You”?
"text":"Which of these Star Trek TV series features a scene set the furthest in the past?
"text":"Which of these boxing legends lost to the fewest different opponents?
"text":"Which of these directors has NOT appeared in one of his own films?
"text":"The part of the human body named for the Roman goddess of love is located closest to which of these?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a translated name for Mount Everest?
"text":"The titular star of Magic Mike got his show business break in a music video for which artist?
"text":"The classical composer known as \"The Father of the String Quartet\" has two of what in his tomb?
"text":"Including the base, which of these monuments is tallest?
"text":"Which of these is the actual name of one of the best known characters in “To Kill A Mockingbird”?
"text":"What does the “HD” stand for in HDTV?
"text":"A mermaid is typically depicted with the head of a human and the tail of a what?
"text":"What is the name of the Babylonian king famous for setting down one of the first written legal codes?
"text":"Which of these cartoon TV dads had the fewest children?
"text":"Tennessee, or the Volunteer State, borders which of these states?
"text":"The International Space Station was launched into orbit during whose presidency?
"text":"In 1995, Robert Lucas was forced to give up half of what unusual asset in his divorce?
"text":"Which of these original horror movie classics was co-written by a woman?
"text":"The texting abbreviation BTW most commonly stands for what?
"text":"Which of these is a common type of French bread?
"text":"A highway lane reserved for carpools is often called what?
"text":"Which of these games might be said to go into extra innings?
"text":"Which of these landmarks is renowned for its flying buttresses?
"text":"The North American Vexillological Association is known for conducting surveys on people’s opinions of what?
"text":"The singer Tina Turner acted in which of these film franchises?
"text":"The “Salisbury” in Salisbury steak refers to what?
"text":"Which mascot was inspired by the designer’s son drawing a face on a fogged-up window?
"text":"An establishment called Anchor Bar claims to have invented what food item?
"text":"Some cuttlefish use what unusual hunting tactic to entrap their prey?
"text":"The phrase “clean bill of health” originates from an approval given to what?
"text":"In the movie “Air Force One,” President Marshall tells his final enemy to “get off my” what?
"text":"Which of these instruments uses a reed?
"text":"In Greek mythology, who stared at his own reflection until he died?
"text":"What term describes a gift that turns out to be an inconvenience?
"text":"When translated, the word “bibimbap” refers to which of the dish’s ingredients?
"text":"What president is said to have popularized the term “OK”?
"text":"Which of these nations is closest to Mafia Island?
"text":"The first known coupon was created in Georgia and used to save five cents on what?
"text":"Which of these is considered a traditional first wedding anniversary gift in the US?
"text":"Julius Caesar had a pretty rough day during the “Ides” of what month?
"text":"What beverage must be at least 51 percent blue agave?
"text":"Which of these words describes a person who falsely acts like an expert?
"text":"Bikram yoga is a practice that consists of 26 postures typically done under what conditions?
"text":"What was the first animated film to be nominated for a Best Picture Oscar?
"text":"By ridership, which city is currently home to the second-busiest heavy rail mass transit system in the US?
"text":"Studio 8H is famously home to what TV show?
"text":"The origin of the term “acid test” comes from testing what metal?
"text":"What novel was written by an author who was mentored by both Emerson and Thoreau?
"text":"Which of these MLB teams plays its home games in the southernmost ballpark?
"text":"When adjusted for inflation, which of these films made the most money at the box office?
"text":"Which of these is a common stroke in tennis?
"text":"What does the term “southpaw” mean?
"text":"What do NHL players traditionally do once the Stanley Cup playoffs begin?
"text":"What player set a franchise record this week with home runs in six straight games in a single season?
"text":"Where was this year’s British Open played?
"text":"Which of these cities has NOT hosted an NFL Super Bowl?
"text":"Which of these players did NOT win gold with the original “Dream Team” in 1992?
"text":"After France, what nation claims the most Tour de France winners?
"text":"Who has the NFL record for most all-purpose rushing, receiving, and returning yards in a season?
"text":"What NHL team was the first to feature a woman playing in an official exhibition game?
"text":"A PGA golfer would NOT receive a free drop if their ball lands in a hole dug by a what?
"text":"The only NFL player to record a perfect score on the Wonderlic intelligence test played at what position?
"text":"According to superstition, breaking a mirror brings seven years of what?
"text":"The Hollywood Walk of Fame honors stars of what industry?
"text":"The Battle of Waterloo was a losing effort for which famed general?
"text":"Which of these salads is named after the hotel where it was first served?
"text":"Which of these artists released a scratch-and-sniff album that smelled like cotton candy?
"text":"A company called Flexigrip, Inc. developed the technology that became what common item?
"text":"Which of these politicians has won a Printz Award for the best literature written for teens?
"text":"The creator of the game “Piou Piou vs. Cactus” criticized what other mobile hit for its design similarities?
"text":"Which of these is a common household utility?
"text":"Which movie was directed by Quentin Tarantino?
"text":"By definition, which word can mean either a storyline or a parcel of land?
"text":"The “Ph” in the academic degree PhD stands for what?
"text":"What items are depicted at the feet of the Statue of Liberty?
"text":"In Monopoly, which of these is NOT a way to end up in jail?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a dish that originated in Mexico?
"text":"At the original Six Flags amusement park, one of the flags represented which of these countries?
"text":"Which of these athletes is one of the few to have been drafted by NBA, NFL, and MLB teams?
"text":"The first astronaut to record original music in space hails from what country?
"text":"The lead singer of what band is the apt namesake of an East African crustacean?
"text":"Which of these is NOT an original flavor of Necco Wafer?
"text":"Which “Friend” was known for his romance with Rachel on the ’90s sitcom?
"text":"In Greek mythology, Jason was known for traveling with what group?
"text":"Which state has a capital city that is bigger in total area than all of Delaware?
"text":"The food called bergamot is commonly considered a what?
"text":"Which of these sports requires a spherical polyhedron for game play?
"text":"The title of one of U2’s best-selling albums can refer to what kind of plant?
"text":"Einstein said “God does not play dice” to explain his skepticism with what theory?
"text":"The Instagram trend “Throwback Thursday” was popularized by a blog specializing in what?
"text":"The word “dinosaur” roughly translates to what?
"text":"What present-day animal is most closely descended from dinosaurs?
"text":"The velociraptor was roughly the size of which of these animals?
"text":"What animal was thought to have gone extinct millions of years ago until a living specimen was found in 1938?
"text":"Which of these prehistoric creatures was technically not a dinosaur at all?
"text":"A leading theory on the cause of dinosaur extinction was an asteroid strike where?
"text":"Despite the title, most of the dinosaurs in the first “Jurassic Park” film lived in which geologic period?
"text":"Which of these dinosaurs has a part named for a joke in a newspaper comic?
"text":"Thanks to its looks, the cryolophosaurus is nicknamed for what singer?
"text":"Paleontologists believe which dinosaur could create a sonic boom by whipping its tail?
"text":"Which of these is a real dinosaur species?
"text":"Which of these creatures lived closest together in history?
"text":"Which of these do children commonly build at the beach?
"text":"Which of these is a European country?
"text":"What are potato chips called in the United Kingdom?
"text":"“Go Set a Watchman” was the 2015 follow-up book to what literary classic?
"text":"The first African-American to become a billionaire founded what?
"text":"Which of these items was invented by a secretary and later sold for $47 million dollars?
"text":"What ’60s group is credited with creating the most-sampled piece of music in history?
"text":"What actor has won an Oscar for portraying a previous Oscar winner?
"text":"Which of these haircare activities is also a Winter Olympics sport?
"text":"Which of these former British leaders would be classified as a monarch?
"text":"Wayne Manor is the home of what fictional superhero?
"text":"The 2017 hit “Girls Trip” revolves around a trip to what city?
"text":"Which of these common condiments is scientifically an emulsion?
"text":"How is a statue of Nikola Tesla in Palo Alto, California different from most statues?
"text":"According to a common grammar rule, what two parts of a sentence must “agree”?
"text":"19th-century photographer Mathew Brady is celebrated for his photos of which conflict?
"text":"The Julia Child show “The French Chef” was the first American TV show to include what?
"text":"Which of these classic Broadway musicals is technically a one-act play?
"text":"The two moons of Mars are also the names of two Greek gods mothered by who?
"text":"Which of these ’90s search engines was the first to be released to the public?
"text":"Which of these is a typical boxing punch?
"text":"What word describes the main pack of riders in the Tour de France?
"text":"Where will this weekend’s Baseball Hall of Fame induction ceremony take place?
"text":"Who reportedly just set the record for most guaranteed money in a contract for a running back?
"text":"What team put a star pitcher on the DL this week because of hand, foot, and mouth disease?
"text":"The three women tied for most US Olympic medals all-time competed in what sport?
"text":"Which distance is the shortest?
"text":"Who is this year’s only American contender for the FIFA Best Women’s Player award?
"text":"With a minimum of 1,000 attempts, who is the worst 3-point shooter in NBA history?
"text":"The Associated Press NFL MVP Award has NOT gone to an athlete in what position?
"text":"Who is the only golfer to win a PGA Tour event on the same day his father won a Senior PGA Tour event?
"text":"Who is second behind Wayne Gretzky for most all-time combined NHL goals and assists?
"text":"“Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star” shares its tune with which educational song?
"text":"Which of these is worn mostly below the waist?
"text":"If Jim Davis were like his iconic cartoon cat, he would love what food?
"text":"Which of these founding fathers did NOT pass away on July 4?
"text":"What is the state vegetable of Oklahoma?
"text":"Which of these began as a form of communication known as “night writing”?
"text":"The songwriter behind the “Gilmore Girls” theme also recorded what hit song?
"text":"The Gadsden Purchase bought the US territory that mostly became what present-day state?
"text":"Which is NOT an achievement “The Simpsons” has accomplished in its three-decade history?
"text":"Now popular at sporting events, the first bobblehead dolls were inspired by figures from where?
"text":"Which of these sci-fi films features costumes by an iconic French fashion designer?
"text":"Which of these words is NOT represented in the computer CAPTCHA acronym?
"text":"Who wrote “The Great Gatsby”?
"text":"Which of these is actually rocket science?
"text":"What does the “T” in T-shirt represent?
"text":"What did the first Barbie doll wear?
"text":"The Netherlands is home to what widely recognized “International” court?
"text":"Which of these is a trademarked variety of apple?
"text":"Which of these Caribbean islands is smallest by surface area?
"text":"Which of these is NOT the subtitle of a movie in the “Air Bud” franchise?
"text":"The candy company Pez once made a dispenser depicting what classical composer?
"text":"Which of these is a real desert in Central Australia?
"text":"What famous theatrical character is known for replacing words with ones that sound similar?
"text":"The patent-holder for a common bra design is today better known for creating which literary character?
"text":"A longtime rhythm guitarist for Hall & Oates also led which TV show’s band?
"text":"Which of these letter combinations do the most chemical elements end with?
"text":"The villain in Disney’s “The Little Mermaid” was based on an actor featured in what ’80s film?
"text":"On a birthday cake, what traditionally indicates the recipient’s age?
"text":"Which of these animals has tusks?
"text":"By definition, what kind of code typically consists of ones and zeroes?
"text":"The name of the cable channel TLC originally stood for what?
"text":"In the Harry Potter universe, several streets are named for what?
"text":"Islamabad is the capital of what country?
"text":"What name is given to a long, light baseball bat used by teams in practice?
"text":"When taking the oath of office, the president vows to do what to the US Constitution?
"text":"In 1981, a couple sued AC/DC because what song appeared to give out their home phone number?
"text":"Now used as a museum, Moscow’s most famous cathedral is named for what saint?
"text":"The Chandrasekhar Limit is mainly used in what discipline?
"text":"In the original game of Clue, a secret passage links the Conservatory to what other room?
"text":"Which of these was an ancient trade route?
"text":"What valuable gem is also a nickname for a baseball field?
"text":"Which of these makeup products is designed to be shiniest?
"text":"What is the name of the song that goes “I get knocked down, but I get up again”?
"text":"Which of these terms is the Middle Eastern version of tapas?
"text":"Which of these shows has starred a real-life couple playing an onscreen couple?
"text":"In Buddhist tradition, the Buddha was born in what modern-day country?
"text":"Traditional recipes for pie crust recommend using butter at what temperature?
"text":"Which US territory features a UNESCO World Heritage Site?
"text":"Which of these countries starts school summer break latest in the calendar year?
"text":"Which of these adjectives is also an archaic noun?
"text":"Which actor has NOT been featured in a movie adaptation of a Shakespeare play?
"text":"Which of these foods is known for being full of holes?
"text":"Which of these is traditionally an important part of rap music?
"text":"Which of these terms refers to a beginning investor in a company?
"text":"What military rank is assigned to the Chinese chicken dish associated with Zuo Zongtang?
"text":"The origin of the phrase “the dog days of summer” can be traced to what?
"text":"What Michael Jackson music video begins by displaying a serious disclaimer?
"text":"In the “Harry Potter” books, which of these animals is NOT one of the four Hogwarts house mascots?
"text":"To what country does the land of Gibraltar belong?
"text":"Which of these is the name of an aurora-like atmospheric light?
"text":"The top-billed star of which of these shows is married to a professional musician?
"text":"Which of these US presidents never had a vice president?
"text":"Which of these poetic works is actually an old-fashioned pun?
"text":"Which of these things do most cars have four of?
"text":"Which of these words sounds just like a common animal part?
"text":"According to modern scientific theory, what is the universe currently doing?
"text":"Which of these places is an actual island?
"text":"Which musical tempo is the fastest?
"text":"The popular Twitter account \"WeRateDogs\" is known for which of these things?
"text":"What president was displaced from the White House when British troops burned it?
"text":"What does the popular American dog name Fido literally translate to in Italian?
"text":"To achieve a “Gordie Howe hat trick,” an NHL player must score a goal, make an assist, and do what?
"text":"What animal has its own section in the “Service Animals” portion of the Americans With Disabilities Act?
"text":"Which food mascot was inspired by a one-time White House party caterer?
"text":"In the lyrics of “Who Let the Dogs Out,” what type of dog breed is specifically called out?
"text":"Distance in American football is usually measured in what?
"text":"In Major League Baseball, what is the significant event marked by July 31 every year?
"text":"Which NBA star is reportedly considering a large three-year deal to play in China?
"text":"Which of these teams is tied for the most Super Bowl losses?
"text":"LeBron James returned to Ohio this week to open what?
"text":"Since World War II, what golfer has won the most majors before turning 22?
"text":"Which kind of hit scores four runs in cricket?
"text":"What professional basketball team has been home to the season’s highest-scoring player the most times?
"text":"The first woman to win a medal in an Olympic event participated in what sport?
"text":"What WNBA champion and MVP notably recreated the legendary “Wings” pose in Minnesota this year?
"text":"Who was the first Baseball Hall of Fame player to have been drafted No. 1 overall?
"text":"In receiving yardage, who is the only NFL player with two of the top 10 seasons of all time?
"text":"What is the main ingredient in most candy?
"text":"How are points mainly scored in football?
"text":"What kind of creature is Donkey Kong?
"text":"Which string is NOT found on a six-string guitar with standard tuning?
"text":"Which of these zombie films is set in a shopping mall?
"text":"In vaudeville slang, what was the “Boston version” of a routine?
"text":"Mozart and Beethoven both composed music for an instrument invented by who?
"text":"Which of these films swept every Oscar for which it was nominated?
"text":"What classic sitcom was NOT a spin-off of “All in the Family?
"text":"Which of these common animals has only one ear?
"text":"What nation flies its flag upside down to indicate the country is at war?
"text":"Who is the only person to win a Pulitzer for both fiction and poetry?
"text":"What term is used to describe dancing on the tip of one’s toes?
"text":"What is the name of the “Riveter” who represented women in factories during World War II?
"text":"Which of these terms refers to palm stems commonly used to make furniture?
"text":"In archery, a “Robin Hood” describes the act of shooting an arrow into what?
"text":"Which of these presidents had a nickname inspired by his heavy drinking habit?
"text":"In his profile photo, everyone’s first friend on Myspace is wearing what?
"text":"The design of the Arc de Triomphe in Paris was inspired by a monument from what city?
"text":"Starting in 2016, Oral Roberts University controversially required incoming freshmen to wear what?
"text":"Reebok sneakers gained national attention thanks to an appearance in what ’80s movie?
"text":"Where did the two sides of the US's first transcontinental railroad officially converge?
"text":"What popular product was invented as a way to give out free samples?
"text":"The first known use of CGI came in the movie that was later adapted into what TV show?
"text":"“The Young & the Restless” is an example of what kind of melodramatic TV show?
"text":"Which of these races covers the longest distance?
"text":"Jane Goodall is known for her work with what kind of animal?
"text":"Which of these common insults is also a typical Jamaican seasoning for meats?
"text":"The political thriller “Thirteen Days” takes place during which man’s presidency?
"text":"A prime number that is also prime when read backward is called a what?
"text":"The “Washington Post” recently ended its annual contest that famously featured what?
"text":"Rod Blagojevich was the scandal-plagued governor of what state?
"text":"The deadliest single day of the Civil War was the battle with what alternate name?
"text":"Which of these cartoons has an Oscar-nominated creator?
"text":"Which of these classic novels set in Africa takes place the farthest south?
"text":"What contribution to history was funded by Henry VIII’s first mother-in-law?
"text":"What tool is used to dig holes?
"text":"Which historic empire existed mostly within Asia?
"text":"Which is NOT a common method of preparing steak?
"text":"Who directed the “Godfather” trilogy?
"text":"Which of these writers was known to spell his own name a wide variety of different ways?
"text":"What does “peninsula” roughly translate to in its language of origin?
"text":"Who is the only artist to win three Album of the Year Grammy awards over a four-year period?
"text":"As a boy, what “Fresh Prince of Bel-Air” actor danced with Michael Jackson in a Pepsi commercial?
"text":"What African nation has a majority Hindu population?
"text":"How do most American flags flown at Walt Disney World notably differ from standard flags?
"text":"Which of these reptiles can reproduce without male assistance?
"text":"Which of these long-running TV shows has aired the most episodes?
"text":"In the business world, what does “R&D” stand for?
"text":"Which of these is a league-required piece of sports equipment?
"text":"What part of the body does a cardiologist treat?
"text":"Which nation is located entirely in the Alps?
"text":"What classic horror novel was subtitled “Or, the Modern Prometheus”?
"text":"In Disney’s “Aladdin,” what is a wish the Genie explicitly says he can NOT grant?
"text":"In game theory, what is a game called where a win for one player requires a loss for an opponent?
"text":"Which ’80s arcade hit did NOT launch a cartoon TV series?
"text":"What mainly determines whether a theater is considered Broadway, Off-Broadway, or Off-Off-Broadway?
"text":"Which of the following is NOT a real scientific property in thermodynamics?
"text":"Tourists often leave a specific kind of coin at the grave of which of these people?
"text":"What author specifically asked that Disney not be involved in any way with their books?
"text":"A bottle that you can open without a bottle opener is often called a what?
"text":"James Brown was nicknamed “the hardest working man in” what?
"text":"Which of these terms describes a bag that is typically without a handle?
"text":"Which of these is a perennial plant known as a pest throughout the southeastern US?
"text":"What country is home to the planet’s largest freshwater lake by volume?
"text":"Which of these expressions is originally from the Bible?
"text":"What band’s frontman shares part of his stage name with a god of tricksters and thieves?
"text":"What National Medal of the Arts winner set most of her books in a Portland neighborhood?
"text":"What country has more three-star Michelin restaurants than any other?
"text":"Which of these presidents served less than two full terms?
"text":"Which state does NOT share a land border with Canada?
"text":"Which of these came about first?
"text":"The ice hockey term “deke” comes from what word?
"text":"What golfer says he’s going to play Tiger Woods in a one-on-one match over Thanksgiving?
"text":"What player is the first to refuse to attend his own NFL Hall of Fame induction ceremony?
"text":"Which team hired the first female full-time assistant coach in NBA history?
"text":"The Washington Nationals released reliever Shawn Kelley after he did what?
"text":"What team plays home games in the NFL’s smallest stadium by capacity?
"text":"Which of these states is home to an MLB team with a bobcat mascot?
"text":"Which sport had its Olympic debut before the first Winter Games?
"text":"Who had the winning score that sent the 49ers to its first-ever Super Bowl in 1982?
"text":"Which of these five-tool players had the most combined career home runs and stolen bases?
"text":"Which NHL legend has never won the Jack Adams Award?
"text":"Which of these famously short NBA players is the tallest?
"text":"The famous Yellowstone geyser that erupts at regular intervals is known as what?
"text":"What is the very descriptive name of the national park a few miles north of Moab, Utah?
"text":"Which of these is specifically tested to be “bear-proof” at Yellowstone’s Grizzly & Wolf Discovery Center?
"text":"Which of these is found within the US National Park System?
"text":"In which of these places would you most likely use an airboat instead of a traditional motorboat?
"text":"Which national park gets the most visitors each year?
"text":"Which color is most prominent at the center of Yellowstone’s Grand Prismatic Spring?
"text":"An optical illusion makes a Yosemite waterfall look like what every February?
"text":"Where is the only place in America that buffalo have roamed since prehistoric times?
"text":"Which of these geographical features appears in the name of a US national park?
"text":"Of these US territories, which is home to the largest US national park?
"text":"A palace believed to date back to the 12th century can be found in a national park in which state?
"text":"According to a common expression, “Where there’s smoke, there’s” what?
"text":"Which of these is a US president known by the initials JFK?
"text":"A cucumber preserved in vinegar or brine becomes which of these foods?
"text":"In what game would you find the cards “Skip,” “Reverse,” and “Wild Draw Four”?
"text":"Referring to a kind of fertilization technique, the term “in vitro” literally translates to “in” what?
"text":"Which of these animals is technically a rodent?
"text":"Which of these cities begins a new day first?
"text":"Which of these is illegal to do in the United Kingdom without a license?
"text":"Which of these ’90s films did NOT have a Smash Mouth song on their soundtrack?
"text":"What is the first message sent by telegraph?
"text":"What hath God wrought?
"text":"One of the inventors of the BASIC programming language also worked as a what?
"text":"The company Gibson Guitars began with a patent on what musical instrument?
"text":"Which of these rivers does NOT run through a nation’s largest city?
"text":"What musician once co-wrote a musical about a real-life gangster?
"text":"What treat was likely inspired by the view of a mountain in Colorado?
"text":"In a 2012 song of the summer, Carly Rae Jepsen sang “Call Me” what?
"text":"How much momentum an object has is based on its mass and its what?
"text":"Legendary Alabama coach Bear Bryant got his nickname from doing what activity?
"text":"Which of these states does NOT contain an Ivy League school?
"text":"What nation is responsible for reading the original “riot act”?
"text":"What former US president has helped to nearly eradicate guinea worm disease?
"text":"Which of these leagues lets teams have the greatest number of players on an active roster?
"text":"Panama’s national drink seco is an alcohol distilled from what?
"text":"The phrase “pushing the envelope” has its roots in what activity?
"text":"Of these three states, which has more water area?
"text":"How does the maximum height of the St. Louis Gateway Arch compare to its maximum width?
"text":"In the only multi-continental Summer Olympics, what two continents shared hosting duties?
"text":"Which of these is a form of competitive wrestling popular in Japan?
"text":"The ’90s comedy “Clueless” is responsible for what iconic line?
"text":"A caprese salad does NOT typically contain which ingredient?
"text":"A rhombus and a parallelogram are both examples of what kind of shape?
"text":"Which of these US government positions is part of the Department of Justice?
"text":"What TV show was co-created by a former finance reporter for the “New York Times”?
"text":"In 2012, Apple CEO Tim Cook issued a rare apology for concerns about what?
"text":"The Danube River passes through which country’s capital city?
"text":"Which American holiday originated with a celebration in Nebraska?
"text":"In which of these Aerosmith music videos did Alicia Silverstone NOT appear?
"text":"The ancestors of which famous Roman were known for trading chickpeas?
"text":"Which of these sporting events did an American win first?
"text":"By definition, insects have six what?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a common font?
"text":"A steam-powered train is powered by which railcar?
"text":"Steven Spielberg co-wrote the script for “E.T.” while editing what other movie?
"text":"Which of these animals is NOT found in Antarctica?
"text":"What is the hottest planet in the solar system?
"text":"Which “House of” show has more seasons?
"text":"Which of these is a member of the nightshade family of plants?
"text":"The performer of which country hit is the godmother of Miley Cyrus?
"text":"Which of these landlocked countries does NOT have a Navy?
"text":"Which of these describes a person who enjoys pointing out other people’s mistakes?
"text":"What company just became the first to have a $1 trillion valuation?
"text":"In the television show “Mister Ed,” Ed is what kind of talking animal?
"text":"By definition, a botanist is primarily concerned with what?
"text":"Which of these namesake cities is a state capital?
"text":"Ralph Nader’s 1965 book “Unsafe at Any Speed” details safety shortcomings in what industry?
"text":"Native American leader Pontiac is famous for leading a rebellion in what American city?
"text":"Marion Cotillard won the first Oscar for a French-language performance while acting as who?
"text":"Which of these American writers was alive during the American Civil War?
"text":"Liberia’s capital was originally given what more religious-sounding name?
"text":"Which of these actors received their stage name from a medieval English ballad?
"text":"Which of these fabric names is NOT derived from its place of origin?
"text":"A co-founder of what website released a book called “Who Let the Blogs Out”?
"text":"In bowling, three strikes in a row is called a what?
"text":"What kind of golf clubs typically hit a ball the farthest?
"text":"EA apologized to Big Sean because “Madden NFL 19” censored his lyric mentioning what?
"text":"Days after his off-site Hall of Fame speech, Terrell Owens worked out for a team in what league?
"text":"From the pitching rubber, what base can an MLB pitcher fake to and NOT get called for a balk?
"text":"What player holds the NBA record for most missed shots in a career?
"text":"According to the most recent MLB player poll by The Athletic, who is the league’s most underrated player?
"text":"Aside from Alabama, what team had the most first-place votes in this summer’s NCAA Amway Coaches Poll?
"text":"In NFL history, what team has played the most games that it neither won nor lost?
"text":"Which was NOT at one time the name of an NHL division?
"text":"Which city has bid for the Summer Olympics the greatest number of times without winning?
"text":"When the Red Sox broke their curse in 2004, who was the final out?
"text":"Which of these people is on official US currency?
"text":"Which adjective best describes the center of the earth?
"text":"“The bigger they come, the harder they fall” is an idiom originally about what?
"text":"On a traditional Monopoly board, which property pairs with Boardwalk to make a monopoly?
"text":"Which of these places is NOT in the title of a “Real Housewives” show?
"text":"On which of these 2010s songs is Tom Petty credited as a co-writer?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a character on “My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic”?
"text":"As an adult, which of these characters has been portrayed by the most actors?
"text":"What is the name of the superscript dot over the lowercase letters “i” and \"j”?
"text":"A collection of australopithecine bones found in Ethiopia was named after a song from which album?
"text":"The last US state alphabetically was the first state to do what?
"text":"The author of which classic work appeared on Phil Donahue’s daytime talk show?
"text":"When a child is like their parent, it’s said “the apple doesn’t fall far from the” what?
"text":"Which of these classic video game characters is closely related to Super Mario?
"text":"The Union Jack is on the flag of which of these nations?
"text":"A fake diamond is also known by what slang term?
"text":"Which of these chemical elements is represented on the atomic table by a single letter?
"text":"Which of these “Good Morning America” hosts was a former anchor on ESPN’s “Sportscenter”?
"text":"June 17 is the day Iceland commemorates its independence from what country?
"text":"Which Adam Sandler-produced movie does NOT currently have a 0 percent rating on Rotten Tomatoes?
"text":"The 18th-century Russian Enlightenment featured a friendship between the Russian empress and what writer?
"text":"Which of these actors was the first to appear on a US postage stamp?
"text":"The novel “Moby-Dick” references a “Sheffield contrivance,” an early form of what?
"text":"What book’s sequel is widely considered the best-selling novel of 1991?
"text":"Before the Hulk gets big and green, he says “you wouldn’t like me when I’m” what?
"text":"The USB in USB cable is an abbreviation of “Universal Serial” what?
"text":"What body part shares a name with a character from Greek lore?
"text":"Fireworks were created in what modern-day nation?
"text":"Which of these would be considered Jennifer Lawrence’s sobriquet?
"text":"Where does fish used in sushi usually come from?
"text":"Because of a molecule called allicin, which of these are you able to literally taste with your feet?
"text":"Which state does NOT have a capital that shares a name with a US president?
"text":"Which of these terms describes a type of small lobster?
"text":"The bassist of a band called the Phoenix Jazzmen went on to record which of these hits?
"text":"Which non-Chinese location is the site of a major annual Chinese New Year celebration?
"text":"Holy Roman Emperor Frederick I got his nickname from which of his physical features?
"text":"The “Mona Lisa” hangs in what museum?
"text":"In his own words, PBS landscape artist Bob Ross liked to paint “happy little” what?
"text":"Banksy is known for what kind of art?
"text":"Which of these artworks has a corresponding emoji?
"text":"Which of these movies includes a famous homage to photographer Diane Arbus?
"text":"Marina Abramovic’s famous work “The Artist Is Present” involved which of these elements?
"text":"Jackson Pollock famously filled several sketchbooks with replicas of which painting?
"text":"What artist was said to have tied himself to the bow of a ship to paint a storm more accurately?
"text":"Which of these subjects did Jeff Koons include in his “Banality” series?
"text":"In the iconic work “The Two Fridas,” which Frida Kahlo has her hair down?
"text":"The early 20th-century painting “Black Circle” is considered a classic example of what artistic movement?
"text":"Which sculpture is believed to depict a left-handed person?
"text":"A CEO of a company is the chief executive what?
"text":"What body part is assisted by a pair of glasses?
"text":"Pickles usually soak in what kind of liquid?
"text":"What is the only sports team in North America owned by its fans?
"text":"Which TV channel was part of the merger that created The CW?
"text":"Who is the only person to win an Oscar for acting in a Quentin Tarantino film?
"text":"What does the “NT” in Windows NT stand for?
"text":"Where is the Hagia Sophia located?
"text":"What English-language magazine routinely uses a punctuation mark that looks like an umlaut?
"text":"American McDonald’s restaurants once test-marketed a “burger” with what kind of patty?
"text":"It takes eight hours to score a single point in what deliberately uneventful video game?
"text":"The first spacecraft to safely land after orbiting the moon included which of these animals?
"text":"Giving someone the “silent treatment” is also known as giving them what?
"text":"Which contentious issue helped spark the American Revolutionary War?
"text":"Peanut butter is to peanuts as tahini is to what seed?
"text":"Which of these clothing items comes from a word meaning “dusty”?
"text":"Liszt’s “Piano Concerto No. 1” is nicknamed for what unlikely instrument?
"text":"Which of these Westerns was directly adapted from a samurai movie?
"text":"Which of these is a real tarot card in the traditional Rider-Waite deck?
"text":"Which of these artists was born in Atlanta?
"text":"Of these animals, which makes up the greatest percentage of living mammal species?
"text":"In the equation 1+2=3, which term can only describe the number “1”?
"text":"Which element’s atomic symbol is also the postal code abbreviation for Minnesota?
"text":"The director of “Silence of the Lambs” also used the song Buffalo Bill dances to in what other movie?
"text":"A baseball or football team that makes the playoffs without winning the division is called a what?
"text":"What legendary athlete has “Air” in his nickname?
"text":"Including all breaks, which of these leagues has the shortest average game duration?
"text":"What position is represented by the largest number in official baseball scorekeeping?
"text":"The female winner of this year’s Naismith Player of the Year award attended what school?
"text":"Which current WWE wrestler won an Olympic gold medal?
"text":"In 2012, New York Yankee Joba Chamberlain severely injured himself in what unusual way?
"text":"What fighter upset a record-setting UFC champ this month?
"text":"Which of these NFL players has hit the 100-catch mark in a single season?
"text":"If you bowl 10 strikes but hit zero pins in your last two rolls, what is your final score?
"text":"What defenseman had the highest NHL goals-per-game average in a season of at least 70 games?
"text":"Who is the only player to have a season with at least 50 home runs and 20 steals, and vice-versa?
"text":"Celebrating their birthday this week, what character is famous for urging people to prevent wildfires?
"text":"In a Roald Dahl children’s book, a boy named James goes inside a giant what?
"text":"According to their album title, Guns N’ Roses had an appetite for what?
"text":"Which of these is a hole for an aglet?
"text":"Superman’s Metropolis was directly inspired by which of these cities?
"text":"When making cocktails, what ingredient distinguishes a Caesar from a Bloody Mary?
"text":"Which show is paired correctly with the performer of its theme song?
"text":"In 2003, a record-setting bequest was gifted to NPR from a fortune largely made by selling what?
"text":"The world’s oldest airport still in operation is closest to what metropolitan area?
"text":"Which of these words is an official entry in the Merriam-Webster dictionary?
"text":"The Environmental Protection Agency was formed under the US president who held the office during what event?
"text":"Which of these shows was NOT part of the TGIF lineup when the programming block debuted in 1988?
"text":"Which of these search engines is currently the most popular?
"text":"According to an old saying, “lightning never strikes” what?
"text":"Which of these is a tart fruit known to bounce when ripe?
"text":"By population, what is the largest country in the European Union?
"text":"In the classic comic books, Spider-Man’s pants are mainly what color?
"text":"Which of these gases is most abundant in Earth’s atmosphere?
"text":"Which of these stage names is NOT also the singer’s real name?
"text":"Which of these continents has the highest percentage of desert?
"text":"Samuel L. Jackson almost quit “Snakes on a Plane” when producers threatened to change what?
"text":"A cross between a female lion and a male tiger is called a what?
"text":"What did Cookie Monster reveal in his song “The First Time Me Eat Cookie”?
"text":"In “Grease,” the actor playing what character famously had to be sewn into their pants for the closing song?
"text":"Which of these famous scientists did NOT marry his first cousin?
"text":"Which of these fictional rabbits was invented first?
"text":"Which of these men is NOT at the bar in “Piano Man” by Billy Joel?
"text":"A dolphin breathes air through what?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a Hawaiian island?
"text":"Which of these critters is also the name of a swim stroke?
"text":"Pop star Rihanna’s real first name is actually what?
"text":"Which of these was NOT a material used in George Washington’s dentures?
"text":"Which of these places was once home to the world's largest operating hadron collider?
"text":"The expression “haze gray and underway” would be used by which of these people?
"text":"The actress from the famous “This is your brain on heroin” commercial later starred in what movie?
"text":"Which of these was the name of a forerunner to the roller coaster?
"text":"A church outside of Prague is world-famous for decorations made of what?
"text":"Which of these cities takes its name from an indigenous language?
"text":"The spaceship in the sci-fi classic “Alien” is named after a book by the author of what classic work?
"text":"In our solar system, all planets orbit around what?
"text":"A bullseye is the best possible play in a traditional game of what?
"text":"One of Mark Twain’s most beloved characters shares a name with what tart fruit?
"text":"Halle Berry and Anne Hathaway have both portrayed what superhero on film?
"text":"In Ernest Hemingway’s “The Sun Also Rises,” Pedro Romero practices what dangerous sport?
"text":"Kim Kardashian popped a bottle of champagne in a famous cover photo for what magazine?
"text":"Which of these bands released its debut album most recently?
"text":"In a famous William Carlos Williams poem, what kind of fruit was eaten out of the icebox?
"text":"Which of these animated television shows ran the most episodes?
"text":"In Inca folklore, a lunar eclipse occurred when what animal tried to eat the moon?
"text":"A 1930s observation of cats’ brains played a key role in the discovery of what?
"text":"The highest mountain on which of these continents is named after a person?
"text":"Which of these consists almost entirely of suspended water vapor?
"text":"Which of these is not intended to be swallowed?
"text":"The act of a baseball player taking a base to which he is not entitled is known as what?
"text":"On a typical QWERTY keyboard, which of these characters can be typed without the Shift key?
"text":"?
"text":"What Oscar-winning singer claimed that she had two lumberjack imaginary friends as a kid?
"text":"Stagecoach Mary was the nickname of the first black woman to do what in the Wild West?
"text":"The Ramones took their band name as a reference to what other band?
"text":"Which of these is NOT British slang for “scarecrow”?
"text":"In the traditional tale, which of these was one of Santa’s reindeer?
"text":"Which of these early presidents sat for a photograph?
"text":"Which of these places does NOT have a Guadalupe River?
"text":"What sitcom has won the most total Emmy awards?
"text":"Movies are usually projected on what kind of surface?
"text":"What animal’s babies are called fawn?
"text":"Which of these is NOT the name of an official penalty in NFL football?
"text":"Where is a US president customarily inaugurated?
"text":"Which of these was a Nickelodeon cartoon?
"text":"What psychological phenomenon is described by the Dunning-Kruger effect?
"text":"Which of these cards is NOT in a typical pinochle deck?
"text":"What river forms much of the Texas-Oklahoma border?
"text":"Which “Star Wars” material shares its name with a real earthly substance?
"text":"Which cut of meat can be found between the brisket and the flank?
"text":"Croatian armed forces gave France the word for an accessory that goes around what?
"text":"What song has the riff in “Smells Like Teen Spirit” frequently been compared to?
"text":"Which professional sport does NOT frequently experience rain delays?
"text":"Which of these items is typically frozen before it is used in a game?
"text":"What MLB player set the record this week for hardest-hit home run in the Statcast era?
"text":"In the 21st century, what player has thrown the most interceptions in a single NFL season?
"text":"As of 2017, in what high school sport do the greatest number of US female students compete?
"text":"How did Cleveland Browns coach Hue Jackson punish Antonio Callaway after a recent traffic citation?
"text":"Where was Babe Ruth playing when he supposedly “called his shot”?
"text":"Which of these golfers has qualified for the 2018 US Ryder Cup team?
"text":"What university recently appointed an active WNBA player as head coach of its women’s basketball team?
"text":"How are NFL “kicker” balls differentiated from regular ones?
"text":"What nation did the men’s ice hockey player with the most points scored in Olympic matches play for?
"text":"Which of these MLB teams is the oldest?
"text":"As they return to their birthplace, salmon swim in what direction?
"text":"A nursery rhyme once recorded by Ella Fitzgerald is titled “A-Tisket, A-” what?
"text":"What kind of animal was TV’s “Lassie”?
"text":"What time of day is a person typically the tallest?
"text":"What is the first name of the man responsible for the monster in Mary Shelley’s “Frankenstein”?
"text":"In video games, which term refers to a player who deliberately tries to ruin the game for others?
"text":"Which of these elements creates a blue color when burned in a firework?
"text":"Poet Dylan Thomas published an autobiographical collection titled “Portrait of the Artist as a Young” what?
"text":"Where did the “Mona Lisa” resurface two years after it was stolen?
"text":"Which of these forefathers served as president of the Continental Congress two separate times?
"text":"What is the only nation in the world that averages more than one car per person?
"text":"For nearly 70 years, the SAT included a section that tested knowledge of what?
"text":"What do people traditionally like to do at the beach?
"text":"Which of these can you get from the Red Cross when you give blood?
"text":"Which of these birds has webbed feet?
"text":"Which of these is an Ivy League school?
"text":"What sport likely took its name from the French for “take heed”?
"text":"Which of these would a chef most likely use to macerate food?
"text":"Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise starred in a film titled “Interview with” what?
"text":"22 divided by 7 is sometimes used as an approximation of what mathematical constant?
"text":"In 1999, Coke unsuccessfully tested vending machines that did what on hot days?
"text":"Bangladesh borders India and what other country?
"text":"As early as the Tang Dynasty, what game was considered one of China’s four essential arts?
"text":"Which of these books was written by the first author known to use “wicked” to mean “excellent”?
"text":"Somebody who is calm and composed could be described as “cool as a” what?
"text":"How long does it take for the Earth to go around the sun?
"text":"Which of these words is NOT in the name of a popular type of cake?
"text":"Which of these Muppets has a round, prominent nose?
"text":"Who was the first woman inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
"text":"The first verse of “The Star-Spangled Banner” is phrased in the form of what?
"text":"Which of these daytime soap operas is still on the air?
"text":"Which of these ingredients is the most difficult to overcook?
"text":"Which of these is NOT the prize for winning a major golf championship?
"text":"Which of these actors used to be a cheerleader?
"text":"As measured from the center of the Earth, what country is home to the highest mountain?
"text":"Which of these ’90s shows featured a main cast member who released a rap album?
"text":"In 1983, Michael Jackson unveiled what classic dance move?
"text":"Made famous by its TV ad, what was the tagline for The Clapper?
"text":"Which of these terms describes hair styled in a zig-zagged, wavy look?
"text":"The “fax” in “fax machine” comes from what word?
"text":"The Cabbage Patch Kids “oath” included a promise to be a “good and kind” what?
"text":"Which of these things causes a Mogwai to turn into a Gremlin?
"text":"Which TV show featured the catchphrase “I pity the fool”?
"text":"The brother of which of these actors recorded a top 10 Billboard hit in the ’80s?
"text":"Newsweek famously declared 1984 “The Year of” what?
"text":"Which of these was the title of a book that accompanied popular ’80s toy Teddy Ruxpin?
"text":"Forced on them by their producer, which legendary hip-hop group initially hated their name?
"text":"The creator of “The Smurfs” named his blue characters for a jokey reference to what?
"text":"The front of a smartphone typically has a what?
"text":"A baseball cap with a foam front and a mesh body is typically known as what?
"text":"What part of the eye determines your eye color?
"text":"Which of these has NOT been a token shape in a standard edition of Monopoly?
"text":"Its name alone reveals that an empanada is what?
"text":"Which author is famously associated with “iceberg theory”?
"text":"What tennis player defeated Bobby Riggs to win 1973’s “Battle of the Sexes”?
"text":"A pyramid with a triangular base is called what?
"text":"When the Berlin Wall was standing, which of these places was a national capital?
"text":"Which American explorer went on to serve in the House of Representatives?
"text":"Which is NOT one of the Balearic Islands?
"text":"Who speaks the last line of scripted dialogue in the 1980 film “The Blues Brothers”?
"text":"Which of these is a common body part?
"text":"Whose portrait is on the US five-dollar bill?
"text":"What does “caramelizing” food do to it?
"text":"In Spanish, what does a tilde over the letter “N” mean?
"text":"In what video game series can you visit Rainbow Road?
"text":"In computer graphics, what is the 3D equivalent of a pixel?
"text":"Which word is NOT in the lyrics of The Flaming Lips ’90s hit “She Don’t Use Jelly”?
"text":"Imports of what meat were banned from the United States from 1967 to 2000?
"text":"Which of these comedians has NOT starred in a music video by Kanye West?
"text":"Which of these nations has beaches on the Black Sea?
"text":"What fictional character does NOT have a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?
"text":"What work does the music accompanying the ballet-dancing hippos in Disney’s “Fantasia” come from?
"text":"What is it called when a hockey team has more players on the ice than its opponent?
"text":"In which of these events do athletes have to clear a bar?
"text":"What popular martial arts style is practiced by MMA fighters like Fabricio Werdum?
"text":"What player just became the youngest since 1908 to homer in five straight MLB games?
"text":"What sport did Randy Poffo play professionally before becoming “The Macho Man”?
"text":"Who was the first woman to dunk in an official WNBA game?
"text":"Which of these MLB franchises does NOT currently feature its team name on standard home jerseys?
"text":"Which of these NFL rookie QBs threw the most interceptions in college?
"text":"Which of these Team USA hockey stars scored the greatest number of goals in a single NHL season?
"text":"Which of these players has won the most MLB batting titles?
"text":"Which of these racers is NOT tied for the record number of NASCAR Cup Series championships?
"text":"Who is the only man to lead a US Olympic basketball team in scoring in two different Olympics?
"text":"Which is a popular comic-book superhero?
"text":"What person spent the most days as US president?
"text":"What word can mean both “pill” and “writing surface”?
"text":"Which of these words refers specifically to a pasta shape?
"text":"World Wrestling Entertainment changed its former name to avoid confusion with what?
"text":"Which of these letters can have an umlaut in the German language?
"text":"In physics, what is the weakest of the four fundamental forces?
"text":"Which is NOT the title of a “Dirty Harry” movie?
"text":"In Texas hold’em poker, which of these deals comes after the others?
"text":"Which mascot is found at America’s oldest major-league sports venue?
"text":"Which of these nations is NOT on the Gulf of Fonseca?
"text":"In 1969, James Brown released several singles with what food in the title?
"text":"The set of buttons used to type information into computers is known as what?
"text":"What is the name of the classic ’80s show featuring detectives Crockett & Tubbs?
"text":"Before starring in the film with the same name, rapper Ice Cube wrote a song called what?
"text":"Which of these animals is known for having a carapace?
"text":"What is the name of the river that flows through Paris, France?
"text":"What brass instrument is similar to a trumpet, but shorter and wider?
"text":"Which of these was a job held by the person on the US $100 bill?
"text":"Where are you most likely to encounter a haboob?
"text":"Which of these US sports leagues predates the start of World War I?
"text":"What Greek letter typically denotes a missing angle in a trigonometry problem?
"text":"Which of these organs was the first to be successfully transplanted in humans?
"text":"In Ice Cube’s hit song, which of these was NOT a reason “It Was a Good Day”?
"text":"Which of these is an Olympic swimming event?
"text":"UFC fighters face off in a structure commonly called the what?
"text":"Which golf shot is meant to hit a ball high in the air and then have it stop immediately once it lands?
"text":"Which NBA player has averaged a triple-double over the course of a full season?
"text":"Which of these people was a head coach, general manager, and owner of a professional American football team?
"text":"What gymnast just won all five gold medals at the US Gymnastics Championships?
"text":"Who had the most home runs as a teenager in MLB history?
"text":"What quarterback came the closest to 200 yards rushing in a single game?
"text":"Since 1989, MLB has NOT had any left-handed throwers play what position?
"text":"“Winning isn’t everything, it’s the only thing” was first said by a coach of what team?
"text":"What NFL franchise has the fewest all-time losses?
"text":"Which of these players had his jersey retired by the most NBA teams?
"text":"A small kind of headphone worn inside the ear is called an “ear” what?
"text":"Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, and Sammy Davis Jr. were part of a group called what?
"text":"Cattle are sometimes identified by the unique print of their what?
"text":"Which of these states features an animal on its state flag?
"text":"Who made the $2.5 million cello that Yo-Yo Ma once left in a cab?
"text":"Virgil’s Trojan Horse entered a city thought to be located in what modern-day country?
"text":"The bikini was once described by a fashion critic as “four triangles of” what?
"text":"Which flavor is mentioned in the Barenaked Ladies song “One Week”?
"text":"Which of these is a Canadian province, and NOT a territory?
"text":"Which of these doctors specializes in the system that regulates hormones?
"text":"If someone isn’t telling the truth, they might be telling a what?
"text":"At what time does the head of America’s executive branch usually step down on their last day?
"text":"Which of these is a popular professional sport?
"text":"Which is NOT a common iPod accessory?
"text":"By definition, what is necessary to make chili con carne?
"text":"The Reconstruction era was the period of US history following what war?
"text":"Which state’s nickname is the opposite of “later”?
"text":"Many Guatemalans speak languages from what ancient family?
"text":"What group of people receives an Apgar score?
"text":"What Australian coast is dominated by the Great Dividing Range?
"text":"Of these scientists, who was the first to suggest a heliocentric solar system?
"text":"In which of these places do garbage trucks often play classical music?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a primate?
"text":"Nearly 60 years ago, “Winnie-the-Pooh” became a surprise New York Times bestseller in what language?
"text":"Which day comes after today?
"text":"Robin Hood famously won what kind of sporting competition?
"text":"Which of these is both a kind of food and a swimming pool accessory?
"text":"Which magician named himself after a Charles Dickens character?
"text":"The classic video game “BurgerTime” required doing what unprofessional activity with burger fixings?
"text":"Which of the Spice Girls’ stage names is an actual spice?
"text":"In the opening scene of the first “Indiana Jones” film, what future movie star tried to betray Indy?
"text":"In the 1980s, the Ringling Bros. Circus promoted what mythical beasts in its show?
"text":"The planet in our solar system with the shortest days is named after what?
"text":"The woman credited with starting the white wedding dress trend got married where?
"text":"The major Russian city named for Stalin in 1925 now goes by what name?
"text":"Next month marks the 25th anniversary of what event in internet history?
"text":"What do Beyoncé’s die-hard fans call themselves?
"text":"In the 1970s, what legendary musician performed as an alien named Ziggy Stardust?
"text":"Johnny, Joey, Dee Dee, and Tommy were all members of what band?
"text":"Which rapper released a 2018 single that shares its name with a Street Fighter character?
"text":"The top-selling soundtrack of all time includes which of these songs?
"text":"Which of these recording artists is NOT a member of the Wu-Tang Clan?
"text":"The classic R&B hit “Respect” was written and originally released by what legendary artist?
"text":"Which pop songwriter has been credited under the pseudonym Nils Sjoberg?
"text":"In the ’80s hit “The Final Countdown,” the singer is counting down the start of a trip to where?
"text":"Which of these classic prom songs was actually written about becoming a parent?
"text":"Which of these songs was co-written by someone NOT from the United States?
"text":"What are the final lyrics in the original recording of Queen's \"We Are the Champions\"?
"text":"Which of these is something a person would wear on their head?
"text":"Which of these phrases originated in the game of cricket?
"text":"A miniature version of a high heeled shoe shares its name with what animal?
"text":"Which Spanish food is typically served with toothpicks?
"text":"What was the first military base attacked in the US Civil War?
"text":"By definition, which of these foods can only be made in Japan?
"text":"Which of these actors auditioned for the Brad Pitt role in “Thelma & Louise” but was passed over?
"text":"In what country are citizens given “social credit scores” based on their everyday behavior?
"text":"Which of these tech companies once created a DVD player?
"text":"Which of these nations does NOT have an oceanside beach?
"text":"Percy Bysshe Shelley’s most famous poem was about what ancient leader?
"text":"Which sitcom was created by the person who wrote the theme song to “Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles”?
"text":"What does the “J” in Dr. J stand for?
"text":"Which of these scoring plays gets a football team exactly three points?
"text":"Who was the first Little League baseball player to appear on the cover of “Sports Illustrated”?
"text":"When a ball is batted, home plate is considered what kind of territory?
"text":"Which state is NOT home to one of the NHL’s “Original Six”?
"text":"At Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, what team has received the most bets to win the AFC North this year?
"text":"What MLB team just tied the ‘62 Mets for the earliest elimination from playoff contention?
"text":"A perfect game in a standard version of darts is called what?
"text":"Who is responsible for providing the footballs for NFL games?
"text":"According to Fangraphs, which MLB rookie is currently tied for the most wins above replacement this season?
"text":"What school’s canine mascot was named for allegedly barking at sunrise?
"text":"The record for highest attendance at a women’s club soccer game was set in what country?
"text":"What valuable object do some types of oysters produce?
"text":"What part of a pizza shares its name with a layer of the Earth?
"text":"A gastroenterologist is most likely to deal with a condition of which organ?
"text":"The common trail snack GORP is an acronym for “good old raisins and” what?
"text":"Wilkins Micawber and Martin Chuzzlewit are colorfully named characters from what author?
"text":"Pittsburgh’s Primanti Brothers is famous for putting what unusual ingredient on its sandwiches?
"text":"The 2009 documentary “The September Issue” follows the creation of an issue of what magazine?
"text":"The Korean pop star Chanyeol is known for his hairstyle that looks like what punctuation mark?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a prominent king of both England and France?
"text":"Which precious mineral got its name from its supposed ability to cure colic?
"text":"The TV series “Justified” is based on a story by the author of which novel?
"text":"Which of these bands named its debut album after a character from “Alice in Wonderland”?
"text":"Which of these settings would you find on a washing machine?
"text":"Pandas are famous for mainly eating what?
"text":"Which of these film characters had a pet llama named Tina?
"text":"In the original “Scooby-Doo” cartoons, what character was voiced by legendary radio host Casey Kasem?
"text":"Which of these terms is common in honey production?
"text":"The player depicted in the NBA logo played for the same franchise as who?
"text":"What thin cotton fabric comes from a word that refers to food?
"text":"Which of these popular ’80s jeans brands attempted to advertise with an ill-fated blimp?
"text":"Which of these is a common type of apple?
"text":"Which of these late night hosts has also hosted HQ?
"text":"The Asian delicacy known as bird’s nest soup is made primarily from what?
"text":"Before turning to circles, the USDA’s diagram of a balanced diet was in the shape of what?
"text":"Which of these French phrases literally means “bottom of the bag”?
"text":"Michelangelo was standing up when he painted the ceiling of what famous place of worship?
"text":"Which Hollywood legend has appeared in person on HQ?
"text":"The word “waffle” comes from what language?
"text":"What band’s lyrics do I usually reference before asking the first question on HQ?
"text":"Which of these Muppets has NOT co-hosted HQ?
"text":"In what country is the official currency the renminbi?
"text":"According to its language of origin, which of these is the grammatically correct plural form of “octopus”?
"text":"Harrison Ford played what fictional archaeologist in “Raiders of the Lost Ark”?
"text":"Spots like B13 and G52 can be found on a standard card in what game of chance?
"text":"The principal of a private school is sometimes referred to as what kind of master?
"text":"Known for naming World Heritage sites, UNESCO is a part of what agency?
"text":"In chemistry, covalent bonds share pairs of what?
"text":"Which animal does NOT get a turn in the rotation on the Chinese zodiac calendar?
"text":"Tibetan Buddhists use what term to describe the state of being between one life and the next?
"text":"Legendary composer Andrew Lloyd Webber has written a musical about which of these modes of transportation?
"text":"In what continent would you find the longest international land border?
"text":"The creator of which of these companies founded their space travel program first?
"text":"People magazine once ranked the star of which TV show as one of its “most eligible bachelors”?
"text":"Which of these slang terms for prison gets its name from an actual prison in Europe?
"text":"Which one of these was NOT a nation where the Battle of the Bulge was fought?
"text":"Which of these unlikely pairs describes a tool used in construction to split rocks?
"text":"Which of these was initially thought to be fake because it was announced on April Fools' Day?
"text":"By definition, what type of vehicle travels along a thick metal wire?
"text":"Boston cream pie is the official state dessert of where?
"text":"In the US, what color road sign indicates construction in progress?
"text":"What classic cartoon character is known for the catchphrase “Sufferin’ succotash?
"text":"In 1976, the US celebrated its what?
"text":"Which of these creatures gets its name from a part of human anatomy?
"text":"Whose notes show that he observed the planet Neptune but thought it might be a star?
"text":"What shape is the message-bearing die inside a Magic 8-Ball?
"text":"eSwatini is Africa’s newest what?
"text":"In grammar, which of these accurately describes any independent clause?
"text":"Which nation’s capital has hosted an Olympics?
"text":"Which of these songs is by a winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Music?
"text":"Special effects in movies often use CGI, which stands for “computer generated” what?
"text":"What term do tech companies use to indicate that a product is being discontinued?
"text":"Which of these is a beginners’ programming language created by Dartmouth professors?
"text":"Co-created by Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak, what arcade game later inspired their Apple II?
"text":"Which of these devices got its name from an early 20th-century young adult novel?
"text":"Smartphone batteries typically depend on which of these elements to transmit current?
"text":"Which common computer symbol was inspired by the binary system?
"text":"The creators of what device based its design on a drill NASA brought to the moon?
"text":"What does the “T” stand for in the set of internet protocols known as TCP/IP?
"text":"How did computer pioneer Pål Spilling once save Norway from a fast-spreading computer virus?
"text":"Which of these tech terms was coined in a deliberate attempt to tease another programmer?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a real cryptocurrency that “forked” from the original Bitcoin?
"text":"Which of these creatures was probably the heaviest?
"text":"The stick an orchestra conductor uses is known as what?
"text":"It’s generally considered healthy to have low overall levels of which of these things?
"text":"The energy output of a star is known as what?
"text":"Which of these film franchises has more sequels than the others?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a stage name of a member of the Black Eyed Peas?
"text":"Outside of nature preserves, the largest population of the wild Bactrian camel is located in what desert?
"text":"Which of these was once the name of an autonomous country?
"text":"Who fronts a band that gets its name from military slang used in WW2?
"text":"Until recently, Burberry released its most high-end designs under what name?
"text":"Which of these wars was NOT ended by a treaty signed in France’s capital?
"text":"The creator of what literary hero took their pen name from a French automobile?
"text":"In Allen Iverson’s viral 2002 rant, he was upset that reporters were asking him about what?
"text":"When an NFL team reaches its opponent’s 20-yard line, it is said to be where?
"text":"What league’s top trophy is now roughly five times larger than when it was originally awarded?
"text":"Last season, University of Miami football players got to wear a large gold chain on the sideline after doing what?
"text":"What MLB player has the longest streak of consecutive games with a home run this season?
"text":"In fantasy football, what does the “R” stand for in the PPR scoring system?
"text":"1995 marked the first MLB forfeit since 1979, when a baseball field was destroyed by what?
"text":"What Buffalo Bills player got a standing ovation from fans at Sunday’s preseason game?
"text":"Before Simona Halep, who was the last No. 1-seeded female tennis player to lose in the first round of a grand slam?
"text":"In this year’s Little League World Series final, Hawaii defeated a team from what nation?
"text":"Which of these cities hosts a NASCAR Cup Series race with the greatest number of laps?
"text":"The only days of the year without games from the four major US sports fall on either side of what?
"text":"By definition, what are islands surrounded by?
"text":"What is a traditional nickname for a circus tent?
"text":"A person with a hidden character defect is said to have feet of what?
"text":"What is the lowest value of US paper money with NO portrait of a US president?
"text":"What Shakespeare play was the basis of the stage musical and film “West Side Story”?
"text":"What is another word for coriander?
"text":"Which of these is NOT one of the two parts of the human skeleton?
"text":"Which of these is an example of a trick-taking game?
"text":"Which novel is NOT by a Brontë sister?
"text":"What song released by the Rolling Stones was written by members of a rival band?
"text":"In the ’70s, an MLB team experimented for a few games with wearing what clothing item?
"text":"Which of these states lies closest to the geographic center of the contiguous 48 states?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a common game for kids?
"text":"A wide, collarbone-skimming neckline on a blouse or dress is known as a what?
"text":"Which state’s capital does NOT contain the name of the state?
"text":"The Colosseum in Rome is what kind of building?
"text":"Which of these types of animals first appeared in the Triassic period?
"text":"What was the Academy Award for Best Picture called when it was initially awarded?
"text":"Who is the only US president sworn in on a Catholic missal rather than a Bible?
"text":"The song “Edelweiss” is the national anthem of what country?
"text":"What is the main ingredient in the Japanese treat kakigori?
"text":"A “Whose Line Is It Anyway” host starred in Disney’s live-action version of what classic story?
"text":"Which country’s flag has its name written on it?
"text":"An NBA player who released a rap album in 2006 later won a championship with which team?
"text":"Where do fireworks displays usually take place?
"text":"What device lets submarines see above the surface of the water?
"text":"What is the only metallic element that is liquid at room temperature?
"text":"The Māori people are native to which of these places?
"text":"Which of these items is NOT associated with traditional Cajun cuisine?
"text":"Which of these animals comes in a four-horned variety?
"text":"The FOX Broadcasting Company debuted in 1986 with a program in what genre?
"text":"A change in business practices made the name of what store chain meaningless?
"text":"Among Earth’s seas, what makes the Sargasso Sea unique?
"text":"Which is NOT a novel in the classic “Hitchhiker’s Guide” series?
"text":"The game cartridge initially included with the Atari 2600 allowed you to command what kind of vehicle?
"text":"In “Jurassic Park,” when Jeff Goldblum says, “must go faster,” what character is driving the car?
"text":"What kind of creatures roam throughout “Jurassic Park”?
"text":"According to the movie’s theme song, “Who you gonna call”?
"text":"John Travolta stars in which of these gangster films?
"text":"Which of these sci-fi classics is set the earliest?
"text":"Which of these Ben Affleck-fronted films is the highest-grossing?
"text":"Which Disney movie featured a prince named Phillip?
"text":"Which of these actors has never starred in a sequel?
"text":"In Disney’s cartoon version of “Alice in Wonderland,” what does the Cheshire Cat say to Alice?
"text":"In which of these films is a main character flabbergasted by a first-generation iPhone?
"text":"Which of these action movies has NOT warranted a Criterion Collection DVD?
"text":"In which iconic movie makeover reveal is the character in a blue dress?
"text":"In “Wall Street,” what does Gordon Gekko say after declaring that greed “is good”?
"text":"Which of these is a string instrument?
"text":"In the 1800s, what painter’s last name became the source of a word meaning “full-figured”?
"text":"What famous speech took place in front of the Lincoln Memorial?
"text":"What kind of plant can grow nearly three feet per day?
"text":"The pronunciation of what state’s capital sounds just like a synonym of “defeated”?
"text":"Which of these “Sesame Street” characters is still mostly played by the original performer?
"text":"How does Eggs Florentine typically differ from Eggs Benedict?
"text":"Which of these is an element on the periodic table?
"text":"Which of these classic arcade games is a sequel?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a recording speed on blank VHS tapes?
"text":"Which actor has won Razzie awards in both the Worst Actor and Worst Actress categories?
"text":"After first reading the manuscript of “Moby-Dick,” what suggestion did the publisher make?
"text":"The longest type of shot on a golf course is typically called what?
"text":"Michael Jordan famously said “I’ve never lost a game, I just ran out of” what?
"text":"What NFL star’s crowdsourced fundraiser has just become the largest in history?
"text":"Hall of Fame QB Steve Young is a descendant of the founder of what college?
"text":"What team benefited from Chris Webber’s call for a timeout he didn’t have in an NCAA title game?
"text":"What was the first tennis tournament to offer men and women equal pay?
"text":"What MLB team plays in the same city as the Babe Ruth Museum?
"text":"Who was the last non-QB to win the Associated Press NFL MVP?
"text":"What pitch used to be known as a “nickel curve”?
"text":"According to Forbes, the highest-earning female athlete outside of tennis plays what sport?
"text":"Which current NHL goalie has made the most career saves?
Answers: "Bird's Nest Soup","correct":false,"count":"5,928"
Answers: "Red Delicious","correct":true,"count":"1,101,591"
Answers: "Octopuses","correct":false,"count":"1,824"}]
Answers: "Pizza Eater","correct":false,"count":"528"
Answers: "Party Expert","correct":false,"count":"836"
Answers: "Physical Education","correct":true,"count":"1,092,507"}]
Answers: "Pitchy Dawg","correct":false,"count":"10,187"
Answers: "Sing Sing","correct":false,"count":"8,264"
Answers: "Auto-Tune","correct":true,"count":"1,065,432"}]
Answers: "Twister","correct":false,"count":"27,076"
Answers: "Uno","correct":true,"count":"984,168"
Answers: "Scrabble","correct":false,"count":"37,965"}]
Answers: "Ant","correct":false,"count":"191,292"
Answers: "Butterfly","correct":true,"count":"672,524"
Answers: "Mosquito","correct":false,"count":"110,461"}]
Answers: "Mince","correct":false,"count":"115,934"
Answers: "Bavarois","correct":false,"count":"37,866"
Answers: "Julienne","correct":true,"count":"517,782"}]
Answers: "Ear","correct":true,"count":"391,030"
Answers: "Foot","correct":false,"count":"102,981"
Answers: "Nose","correct":false,"count":"24,576"}]
Answers: "Steps","correct":false,"count":"53,009"
Answers: "Minutes","correct":true,"count":"266,381"
Answers: "Rent","correct":false,"count":"64,728"}]
Answers: "Anne Richards","correct":false,"count":"65,397"
Answers: "Geraldine Ferraro","correct":true,"count":"150,242"
Answers: "Shirley Chisholm","correct":false,"count":"50,227"}]
Answers: "Raiders of the Lost Ark","correct":false,"count":"67,820"
Answers: "The Godfather","correct":false,"count":"49,535"
Answers: "Citizen Kane","correct":true,"count":"33,683"}]
Answers: "Sinhalese","correct":false,"count":"14,821"
Answers: "Basotho","correct":true,"count":"9,098"
Answers: "Solomonic","correct":false,"count":"13,214"}]
Answers: "Danielle Steel","correct":false,"count":"3,508"
Answers: "Agatha Christie","correct":true,"count":"2,623"
Answers: "JK Rowling","correct":false,"count":"4,037"}]
Answers: "Tricycle","correct":true,"count":"694,486"
Answers: "Trick Daddy","correct":false,"count":"2,046"
Answers: "Triceratops","correct":false,"count":"1,814"}]
Answers: "Respect","correct":true,"count":"647,036"
Answers: "Robocop","correct":false,"count":"14,120"
Answers: "Ridonkulous","correct":false,"count":"22,664"}]
Answers: "Nova Scotia","correct":true,"count":"597,330"
Answers: "Ontario","correct":false,"count":"30,241"
Answers: "Alberta","correct":false,"count":"11,006"}]
Answers: "Speed of light","correct":true,"count":"528,612"
Answers: "Speed of sound","correct":false,"count":"49,213"
Answers: "They’re the same","correct":false,"count":"13,655"}]
Answers: "Bowling","correct":true,"count":"447,067"
Answers: "Cricket","correct":false,"count":"72,967"
Answers: "Volleyball","correct":false,"count":"5,253"}]
Answers: "Jay-Z","correct":false,"count":"67,431"
Answers: "Usher","correct":true,"count":"361,658"
Answers: "DJ Khaled","correct":false,"count":"15,741"}]
Answers: "Commencement","correct":true,"count":"334,372"
Answers: "Matriculation","correct":false,"count":"19,522"
Answers: "Initiation","correct":false,"count":"6,475"}]
Answers: "Curveball","correct":false,"count":"19,501"
Answers: "Fastball","correct":false,"count":"137,906"
Answers: "Knuckleball","correct":true,"count":"175,544"}]
Answers: "Macbeth","correct":false,"count":"23,642"
Answers: "Othello","correct":false,"count":"73,777"
Answers: "Hamlet","correct":true,"count":"76,125"}]
Answers: "Ahoy","correct":false,"count":"5,704"
Answers: "Mayday","correct":true,"count":"50,854"
Answers: "SOS","correct":false,"count":"23,035"}]
Answers: "Bruce Willis","correct":false,"count":"14,666"
Answers: "Ashton Kutcher","correct":false,"count":"14,272"
Answers: "Justin Timberlake","correct":true,"count":"22,025"}]
Answers: "Illinois","correct":false,"count":"12,871"
Answers: "Vermont","correct":true,"count":"7,518"
Answers: "Georgia","correct":false,"count":"3,326"}]
Answers: "Abraham Lincoln","correct":false,"count":"145,274"
Answers: "Yoda","correct":true,"count":"646,336"
Answers: "Margaret Thatcher","correct":false,"count":"40,636"}]
Answers: "Hammer","correct":true,"count":"628,306"
Answers: "Nunchucks","correct":false,"count":"9,808"
Answers: "Cattle prod","correct":false,"count":"4,398"}]
Answers: "Mustard","correct":true,"count":"487,704"
Answers: "Ketchup","correct":false,"count":"73,822"
Answers: "Mayonnaise","correct":false,"count":"48,248"}]
Answers: "Again","correct":true,"count":"468,973"
Answers: "No more","correct":false,"count":"5,935"
Answers: "Music please","correct":false,"count":"11,327"}]
Answers: "Lima beans","correct":false,"count":"155,289"
Answers: "Buttery crackers","correct":true,"count":"220,599"
Answers: "Blue cheese","correct":false,"count":"52,901"}]
Answers: "Will Smith","correct":false,"count":"19,599"
Answers: "Vanilla Ice","correct":true,"count":"114,839"
Answers: "MC Hammer","correct":false,"count":"84,368"}]
Answers: "Joanna","correct":false,"count":"43,287"
Answers: "Kasey","correct":false,"count":"19,409"
Answers: "Robert","correct":true,"count":"52,185"}]
Answers: "Adulthood","correct":false,"count":"9,939"
Answers: "Infancy","correct":true,"count":"36,857"
Answers: "Adolescence","correct":false,"count":"5,651"}]
Answers: "Monaco","correct":false,"count":"7,384"
Answers: "England","correct":false,"count":"6,056"
Answers: "Switzerland","correct":true,"count":"23,671"}]
Answers: "Elton John & Tim Rice","correct":false,"count":"8,398"
Answers: "Mel Brooks","correct":true,"count":"6,840"
Answers: "Lin-Manuel Miranda","correct":false,"count":"8,270"}]
Answers: "Belarus","correct":true,"count":"3,258"
Answers: "Egypt","correct":false,"count":"2,264"
Answers: "Greece","correct":false,"count":"1,668"}]
Answers: "Mars","correct":false,"count":"251"
Answers: "Mercury","correct":false,"count":"1,507"
Answers: "Venus","correct":true,"count":"1,599"}]
Answers: "Arnold Schwarzenegger","correct":false,"count":"8,728"
Answers: "Goldilocks","correct":true,"count":"638,366"
Answers: "Usain Bolt","correct":false,"count":"4,335"}]
Answers: "Babylonian bazaar","correct":false,"count":"6,360"
Answers: "Salad bar","correct":true,"count":"621,084"
Answers: "Cattle car","correct":false,"count":"2,968"}]
Answers: "First 13 states","correct":true,"count":"549,420"
Answers: "Founding fathers","correct":false,"count":"51,110"
Answers: "Year of US independence","correct":false,"count":"10,172"}]
Answers: "Sonar","correct":false,"count":"127,731"
Answers: "Kayak","correct":true,"count":"367,480"
Answers: "Tugboat","correct":false,"count":"46,538"}]
Answers: "Zero","correct":true,"count":"344,177"
Answers: "Three","correct":false,"count":"14,650"
Answers: "Six","correct":false,"count":"3,895"}]
Answers: "Back to the Future","correct":false,"count":"105,669"
Answers: "Star Wars IV-VI","correct":true,"count":"126,719"
Answers: "The Godfather","correct":false,"count":"99,258"}]
Answers: "Chef","correct":false,"count":"19,788"
Answers: "Typographer","correct":true,"count":"79,852"
Answers: "Firefighter","correct":false,"count":"28,244"}]
Answers: "E clef","correct":true,"count":"32,709"
Answers: "F clef","correct":false,"count":"30,008"
Answers: "G clef","correct":false,"count":"17,003"}]
Answers: "NBA","correct":true,"count":"14,211"
Answers: "NFL","correct":false,"count":"5,944"
Answers: "NHL","correct":false,"count":"12,872"}]
Answers: "Crawled through sewers","correct":false,"count":"2,985"
Answers: "Hid in a crate","correct":false,"count":"1,826"
Answers: "Disguised as a woman","correct":true,"count":"9,492"}]
Answers: "Chess","correct":true,"count":"1,689"
Answers: "Starlight Express","correct":false,"count":"5,756"
Answers: "Into the Woods","correct":false,"count":"2,124"}]
Answers: "Chemistry / Peace","correct":true,"count":"608"
Answers: "Chemistry / Physics","correct":false,"count":"985"
Answers: "Chemistry / Chemistry","correct":false,"count":"338"}]
Answers: "Big bag of sugar","correct":false,"count":"3,778"
Answers: "Fresh fruit","correct":true,"count":"916,993"
Answers: "Gallon of gravy","correct":false,"count":"1,802"}]
Answers: "Flying squirrels","correct":false,"count":"1,709"
Answers: "Honeybees","correct":true,"count":"907,490"
Answers: "Sand sharks","correct":false,"count":"837"}]
Answers: "Wait for no man","correct":true,"count":"860,822"
Answers: "Bake in a pan","correct":false,"count":"27,808"
Answers: "Hate raisin bran","correct":false,"count":"6,612"}]
Answers: "Mirth","correct":false,"count":"2,332"
Answers: "Music","correct":true,"count":"841,336"
Answers: "Mayhem","correct":false,"count":"12,928"}]
Answers: "Voting on results","correct":false,"count":"5,783"
Answers: "Testing hypotheses","correct":true,"count":"825,922"
Answers: "Cherry-picking data","correct":false,"count":"4,300"}]
Answers: "Iznik","correct":false,"count":"27,447"
Answers: "Ankara","correct":true,"count":"211,344"
Answers: "Istanbul","correct":false,"count":"582,689"}]
Answers: "Edge pieces","correct":false,"count":"47,270"
Answers: "Center pieces","correct":false,"count":"56,721"
Answers: "Corner pieces","correct":true,"count":"106,664"}]
Answers: "Kathmandu","correct":false,"count":"15,059"
Answers: "Rio de Janeiro","correct":false,"count":"13,608"
Answers: "Sacramento","correct":true,"count":"78,986"}]
Answers: "Endless Night","correct":false,"count":"17,940"
Answers: "Music of the Night","correct":true,"count":"47,396"
Answers: "Chicago After Midnight","correct":false,"count":"13,185"}]
Answers: "Butch Cassidy","correct":true,"count":"27,437"
Answers: "Wild Bill Hickok","correct":false,"count":"10,111"
Answers: "Bat Masterson","correct":false,"count":"9,574"}]
Answers: "Octagonal","correct":false,"count":"14,000"
Answers: "Square","correct":false,"count":"6,968"
Answers: "Triangular","correct":true,"count":"6,017"}]
Answers: "Cedilla","correct":false,"count":"866"
Answers: "Modi","correct":false,"count":"1,863"
Answers: "Macron","correct":true,"count":"3,892"}]
Answers: "Treasure Island","correct":false,"count":"38,439"
Answers: "Ellis Island","correct":true,"count":"470,597"
Answers: "Fantasy Island","correct":false,"count":"4,443"}]
Answers: "Detroit Dwaynes","correct":false,"count":"11,109"
Answers: "Buffalo Bills","correct":true,"count":"444,437"
Answers: "Philadelphia Freds","correct":false,"count":"7,944"}]
Answers: "An epic jump","correct":false,"count":"6,667"
Answers: "One small step","correct":true,"count":"431,880"
Answers: "A high flip","correct":false,"count":"1,496"}]
Answers: "Bagel","correct":false,"count":"17,695"
Answers: "Couscous","correct":false,"count":"7,166"
Answers: "Hot dog","correct":true,"count":"403,199"}]
Answers: "Comet Hale-Bopp","correct":false,"count":"29,991"
Answers: "Halley’s Comet","correct":true,"count":"347,035"
Answers: "Caesar’s Comet","correct":false,"count":"20,932"}]
Answers: "In Living Color","correct":true,"count":"241,471"
Answers: "Shades of Blue","correct":false,"count":"54,524"
Answers: "Baywatch","correct":false,"count":"47,912"}]
Answers: "Silent treatment","correct":true,"count":"174,605"
Answers: "New task at work","correct":false,"count":"37,519"
Answers: "Anonymous gift","correct":false,"count":"20,471"}]
Answers: "Tango Yankee","correct":true,"count":"88,722"
Answers: "Whiskey Charlie","correct":false,"count":"73,741"
Answers: "Sierra Hotel","correct":false,"count":"10,058"}]
Answers: "Laos","correct":false,"count":"21,999"
Answers: "Brazil","correct":false,"count":"16,930"
Answers: "Croatia","correct":true,"count":"50,069"}]
Answers: "My Morning Jacket","correct":false,"count":"14,602"
Answers: "Arcade Fire","correct":false,"count":"25,802"
Answers: "Parquet Courts","correct":true,"count":"9,369"}]
Answers: "Tropical storm","correct":false,"count":"2,171"
Answers: "Flightless bird","correct":true,"count":"4,533"
Answers: "Mythical creature","correct":false,"count":"3,408"}]
Answers: "George Lucas","correct":false,"count":"1,521"
Answers: "Steven Spielberg","correct":true,"count":"1,432"
Answers: "Francis Ford Coppola","correct":false,"count":"1,838"}]
Answers: "Clouds","correct":true,"count":"807,669"
Answers: "Rainbow trout","correct":false,"count":"2,085"
Answers: "Raindeer hooves","correct":false,"count":"650"}]
Answers: "Quadrillion","correct":false,"count":"823"
Answers: "Quavo","correct":false,"count":"1,680"
Answers: "Quack","correct":true,"count":"798,549"}]
Answers: "Stadium","correct":true,"count":"787,655"
Answers: "Auditorium","correct":false,"count":"2,446"
Answers: "Amphitheater","correct":false,"count":"871"}]
Answers: "Peanut butter","correct":true,"count":"761,659"
Answers: "Graham cracker","correct":false,"count":"11,800"
Answers: "Chocolate","correct":false,"count":"6,941"}]
Answers: "Semicolon","correct":false,"count":"258,221"
Answers: "Hyphen","correct":false,"count":"58,556"
Answers: "Colon","correct":true,"count":"424,665"}]
Answers: "Seymour Glass","correct":false,"count":"116,804"
Answers: "Ira Glass","correct":false,"count":"120,562"
Answers: "Philip Glass","correct":true,"count":"186,005"}]
Answers: "Saturday Night Live","correct":false,"count":"111,815"
Answers: "SCTV","correct":false,"count":"42,607"
Answers: "Fridays","correct":true,"count":"30,616"}]
Answers: "Endorphin","correct":false,"count":"12,008"
Answers: "Chortle","correct":false,"count":"11,302"
Answers: "Gelato","correct":true,"count":"10,109"}]
Answers: "Charlie Chaplin","correct":false,"count":"3,937"
Answers: "Buster Keaton","correct":true,"count":"5,399"
Answers: "Harold Lloyd","correct":false,"count":"1,161"}]
Answers: "Pine tar","correct":false,"count":"1,170"
Answers: "Patchouli oil","correct":true,"count":"2,225"
Answers: "Durian extract","correct":false,"count":"1,967"}]
Answers: "Ghana","correct":false,"count":"757"
Answers: "Guinea","correct":false,"count":"824"
Answers: "Grenada","correct":true,"count":"748"}]
Answers: "The Enigmatic One","correct":false,"count":"357"
Answers: "The Curious One","correct":false,"count":"331"
Answers: "The Cheerful One","correct":true,"count":"198"}]
Answers: "Roller coaster","correct":true,"count":"770,998"
Answers: "Bowler poster","correct":false,"count":"2,587"
Answers: "Solar toaster","correct":false,"count":"1,621"}]
Answers: "Salsa","correct":true,"count":"758,032"
Answers: "Milly rock","correct":false,"count":"2,802"
Answers: "Bartman","correct":false,"count":"806"}]
Answers: "Atlantic Ocean","correct":true,"count":"736,325"
Answers: "Connecticut","correct":false,"count":"5,307"
Answers: "Empire State Building","correct":false,"count":"6,609"}]
Answers: "Aslan","correct":false,"count":"53,176"
Answers: "Aragorn","correct":false,"count":"127,758"
Answers: "Babar","correct":true,"count":"542,449"}]
Answers: "The beautiful game","correct":true,"count":"248,995"
Answers: "Game of perfection","correct":false,"count":"139,592"
Answers: "King of games","correct":false,"count":"113,212"}]
Answers: "Anchor","correct":false,"count":"169,135"
Answers: "Bottle","correct":false,"count":"29,100"
Answers: "Turtle","correct":true,"count":"49,639"}]
Answers: "Tuque","correct":true,"count":"32,997"
Answers: "Aweille","correct":false,"count":"7,231"
Answers: "Écharpe","correct":false,"count":"13,128"}]
Answers: "Jane Austen","correct":false,"count":"8,436"
Answers: "Mary Shelley","correct":false,"count":"8,417"
Answers: "Emily Dickinson","correct":true,"count":"15,839"}]
Answers: "Ulcers","correct":true,"count":"4,036"
Answers: "Sore gums","correct":false,"count":"3,521"
Answers: "Hair loss","correct":false,"count":"8,409"}]
Answers: "Talking Heads","correct":false,"count":"1,547"
Answers: "Sonic Youth","correct":false,"count":"1,154"
Answers: "Simple Minds","correct":true,"count":"1,670"}]
Answers: "Gregory","correct":false,"count":"551"
Answers: "John","correct":true,"count":"881"
Answers: "Clement","correct":false,"count":"320"}]
Answers: "The Rescuers Down Under","correct":false,"count":"189"
Answers: "Fox and the Hound","correct":false,"count":"443"
Answers: "Great Mouse Detective","correct":true,"count":"268"}]
Answers: "High five","correct":false,"count":"9,342"
Answers: "Stop","correct":true,"count":"1,431,396"
Answers: "Talk to the hand","correct":false,"count":"5,252"}]
Answers: "Fraternity leave","correct":false,"count":"27,624"
Answers: "Maternity leave","correct":true,"count":"1,389,091"
Answers: "Eternity leave","correct":false,"count":"5,436"}]
Answers: "TMI","correct":false,"count":"3,002"
Answers: "USB","correct":true,"count":"1,374,519"
Answers: "SMH","correct":false,"count":"1,847"}]
Answers: "Under the sea","correct":false,"count":"75,289"
Answers: "At Tiffany’s","correct":true,"count":"1,244,195"
Answers: "In Flavortown","correct":false,"count":"37,289"}]
Answers: "Grow on vines","correct":false,"count":"426,577"
Answers: "Grow in clusters","correct":true,"count":"381,432"
Answers: "Grow in same climate","correct":false,"count":"391,336"}]
Answers: "Venus","correct":true,"count":"200,313"
Answers: "Polaris","correct":false,"count":"70,782"
Answers: "The Moon","correct":false,"count":"118,976"}]
Answers: "Magical Mystery Tour","correct":true,"count":"63,707"
Answers: "Abbey Road","correct":false,"count":"108,503"
Answers: "Revolver","correct":false,"count":"32,272"}]
Answers: "Queen","correct":true,"count":"5,090"
Answers: "President","correct":false,"count":"2,289"
Answers: "Prime Minister","correct":false,"count":"61,911"}]
Answers: "Veal Oscar","correct":true,"count":"2,693"
Answers: "Haggis","correct":false,"count":"782"
Answers: "Clams casino","correct":false,"count":"4,024"}]
Answers: "Arcade game","correct":false,"count":"751"
Answers: "Bar soap","correct":true,"count":"712"
Answers: "Duck tape","correct":false,"count":"1,533"}]
Answers: "Top Gun","correct":false,"count":"179"
Answers: "Rain Man","correct":false,"count":"414"
Answers: "Cocktail","correct":true,"count":"285"}]
Answers: "Uruguay","correct":false,"count":"88"
Answers: "Paraguay","correct":true,"count":"178"
Answers: "Cuba","correct":false,"count":"61"}]
Answers: "Model in jeans","correct":true,"count":"92"
Answers: "Actor on the cover","correct":false,"count":"32"
Answers: "No text","correct":false,"count":"56"}]
Answers: "Montana","correct":true,"count":"57"
Answers: "Texas","correct":false,"count":"17"
Answers: "Illinois","correct":false,"count":"20"}]
Answers: "Scorpion","correct":false,"count":"7"
Answers: "Flame","correct":false,"count":"7"
Answers: "Wasp","correct":true,"count":"45"}]
Answers: "Football kickers","correct":false,"count":"11,638"
Answers: "Fruit stickers","correct":false,"count":"6,219"
Answers: "Wicker","correct":true,"count":"574,367"}]
Answers: "Officiate their wedding","correct":false,"count":"1,211"
Answers: "Add them together","correct":true,"count":"563,095"
Answers: "Heat them up","correct":false,"count":"1,128"}]
Answers: "Dried pasta","correct":false,"count":"10,887"
Answers: "Creamed corn","correct":true,"count":"535,339"
Answers: "Tortilla chips","correct":false,"count":"7,542"}]
Answers: "Elmo","correct":true,"count":"240,178"
Answers: "Air Bud","correct":false,"count":"32,144"
Answers: "Chewbacca","correct":false,"count":"20,404"}]
Answers: "Mukluk","correct":true,"count":"164,122"
Answers: "Anorak","correct":false,"count":"32,971"
Answers: "Wampum","correct":false,"count":"41,274"}]
Answers: "Being annoyed","correct":false,"count":"25,702"
Answers: "Big Floyd","correct":false,"count":"17,669"
Answers: "The Noid","correct":true,"count":"116,689"}]
Answers: "Sedimentary","correct":false,"count":"2,990"
Answers: "Metamorphic","correct":false,"count":"15,237"
Answers: "Rhyolite","correct":true,"count":"98,434"}]
Answers: "Pippin","correct":true,"count":"23,127"
Answers: "Fuji","correct":false,"count":"35,171"
Answers: "Adam","correct":false,"count":"38,928"}]
Answers: "Germany","correct":false,"count":"5,128"
Answers: "France","correct":false,"count":"10,988"
Answers: "England","correct":true,"count":"7,470"}]
Answers: "Bulgaria","correct":false,"count":"2,388"
Answers: "Romania","correct":false,"count":"3,645"
Answers: "Russia","correct":true,"count":"2,130"}]
Answers: "John Steinbeck","correct":false,"count":"766"
Answers: "John Updike","correct":true,"count":"1,085"
Answers: "Toni Morrison","correct":false,"count":"518"}]
Answers: "Soil","correct":true,"count":"915,500"
Answers: "Laundry hampers","correct":false,"count":"3,491"
Answers: "Concrete","correct":false,"count":"1,715"}]
Answers: "Big old gas oven","correct":false,"count":"2,827"
Answers: "Buy one, get one","correct":true,"count":"900,412"
Answers: "Belt out Gershwin operas","correct":false,"count":"1,711"}]
Answers: "Cloak","correct":false,"count":"15,385"
Answers: "Cape","correct":false,"count":"7,075"
Answers: "Sweatshirt","correct":true,"count":"870,464"}]
Answers: "Australia","correct":true,"count":"820,763"
Answers: "Argentina","correct":false,"count":"35,852"
Answers: "Algeria","correct":false,"count":"6,474"}]
Answers: "Sausage","correct":true,"count":"727,654"
Answers: "Pepper","correct":false,"count":"44,151"
Answers: "Cheese","correct":false,"count":"41,505"}]
Answers: "Happy Days","correct":true,"count":"684,421"
Answers: "Fonzie’s Place","correct":false,"count":"33,242"
Answers: "The Doo-Wop Years","correct":false,"count":"7,553"}]
Answers: "The boards are on fire","correct":false,"count":"184,068"
Answers: "Water not involved","correct":false,"count":"141,975"
Answers: "Non-human contestants","correct":true,"count":"281,775"}]
Answers: "Indiana Jones","correct":false,"count":"19,981"
Answers: "Harry Potter","correct":false,"count":"176,541"
Answers: "Back to the Future","correct":true,"count":"89,868"}]
Answers: "Stator","correct":false,"count":"14,020"
Answers: "Staten","correct":false,"count":"29,471"
Answers: "Statim","correct":true,"count":"48,085"}]
Answers: "Minnesota","correct":true,"count":"27,200"
Answers: "Missouri","correct":false,"count":"9,526"
Answers: "Maryland","correct":false,"count":"11,903"}]
Answers: "Andorra La Vella","correct":true,"count":"9,815"
Answers: "San Marino","correct":false,"count":"12,096"
Answers: "Vaduz","correct":false,"count":"5,350"}]
Answers: "The Simpsons","correct":true,"count":"3,184"
Answers: "The Sopranos","correct":false,"count":"2,849"
Answers: "The Walking Dead","correct":false,"count":"4,182"}]
Answers: "Fax machine","correct":false,"count":"4,193"
Answers: "Pacifier","correct":true,"count":"1,375,575"
Answers: "Vuvuzela","correct":false,"count":"7,966"}]
Answers: "Love","correct":true,"count":"1,345,113"
Answers: "Kidney stones","correct":false,"count":"8,053"
Answers: "Truffle mashed potatoes","correct":false,"count":"8,623"}]
Answers: "Absolute zero","correct":true,"count":"1,105,751"
Answers: "32 degrees F","correct":false,"count":"83,895"
Answers: "212 degrees F","correct":false,"count":"121,580"}]
Answers: "Spatial awareness","correct":true,"count":"994,830"
Answers: "Fighting infection","correct":false,"count":"77,692"
Answers: "Digestion","correct":false,"count":"33,038"}]
Answers: "Girl on Fire","correct":true,"count":"849,515"
Answers: "Uptown Girl","correct":false,"count":"109,857"
Answers: "Barbie Girl","correct":false,"count":"27,260"}]
Answers: "Savannah","correct":true,"count":"360,878"
Answers: "Charleston","correct":false,"count":"288,012"
Answers: "Atlanta","correct":false,"count":"195,918"}]
Answers: "Gears of War","correct":true,"count":"245,127"
Answers: "Call of Duty","correct":false,"count":"68,703"
Answers: "Battlefield","correct":false,"count":"58,282"}]
Answers: "Alicia Keys","correct":false,"count":"14,700"
Answers: "Kelly Clarkson","correct":false,"count":"29,801"
Answers: "Blake Shelton","correct":true,"count":"42,469"}]
Answers: "Pinterest","correct":false,"count":"23,963"
Answers: "Reddit","correct":true,"count":"14,591"
Answers: "Twitter","correct":false,"count":"6,113"}]
Answers: "Boson","correct":true,"count":"9,493"
Answers: "Ferrimagnetism","correct":false,"count":"1,720"
Answers: "Lepton","correct":false,"count":"5,035"}]
Answers: "Michael Mann","correct":false,"count":"3,323"
Answers: "Coen Brothers","correct":false,"count":"2,885"
Answers: "Steven Soderbergh","correct":true,"count":"3,519"}]
Answers: "3 to 5 business days","correct":false,"count":"19,957"
Answers: "6 seconds","correct":false,"count":"15,639"
Answers: "A lifetime","correct":true,"count":"557,525"}]
Answers: "Right foot","correct":false,"count":"11,425"
Answers: "Left wrist","correct":true,"count":"536,397"
Answers: "Belt buckle","correct":false,"count":"2,054"}]
Answers: "Mackerel","correct":false,"count":"2,721"
Answers: "Moose","correct":true,"count":"525,978"
Answers: "Macaw","correct":false,"count":"3,279"}]
Answers: "Civil War","correct":true,"count":"351,952"
Answers: "Revolutionary War","correct":false,"count":"73,325"
Answers: "World War II","correct":false,"count":"87,496"}]
Answers: "Shenanigans","correct":false,"count":"59,824"
Answers: "Skullduggery","correct":false,"count":"27,069"
Answers: "Smithereens","correct":true,"count":"262,177"}]
Answers: "Oklahoma City","correct":false,"count":"35,790"
Answers: "Detroit","correct":true,"count":"174,060"
Answers: "Denver","correct":false,"count":"38,957"}]
Answers: "Hovercraft","correct":false,"count":"87,881"
Answers: "Elevator","correct":true,"count":"51,888"
Answers: "Surfboard","correct":false,"count":"31,224"}]
Answers: "Dr. Christmas Jones","correct":false,"count":"7,602"
Answers: "Plenty O’Toole","correct":false,"count":"16,687"
Answers: "Memphis Sleek","correct":true,"count":"27,932"}]
Answers: "LP","correct":false,"count":"11,120"
Answers: "CD","correct":false,"count":"3,812"
Answers: "Cassette","correct":true,"count":"13,069"}]
Answers: "Divorce","correct":true,"count":"8,345"
Answers: "Marijuana use","correct":false,"count":"1,042"
Answers: "Atheism","correct":false,"count":"3,893"}]
Answers: "Directions","correct":false,"count":"2,526"
Answers: "Animals","correct":false,"count":"2,579"
Answers: "Colors","correct":true,"count":"3,243"}]
Answers: "Sia","correct":false,"count":"1,806"
Answers: "Madonna","correct":true,"count":"1,302"
Answers: "Beyoncé","correct":false,"count":"465"}]
Answers: "Tater tots","correct":true,"count":"773,674"
Answers: "Pecan pie","correct":false,"count":"7,191"
Answers: "Cotton candy","correct":false,"count":"1,354"}]
Answers: "Jack","correct":true,"count":"758,411"
Answers: "Yak","correct":false,"count":"3,248"
Answers: "Shack","correct":false,"count":"5,023"}]
Answers: "Brooch","correct":false,"count":"3,512"
Answers: "Bracelet","correct":false,"count":"5,353"
Answers: "Anklet","correct":true,"count":"743,788"}]
Answers: "Chicago blink","correct":false,"count":"24,045"
Answers: "Dallas instant","correct":false,"count":"10,138"
Answers: "New York minute","correct":true,"count":"703,383"}]
Answers: "Sole","correct":true,"count":"434,543"
Answers: "Vole","correct":false,"count":"156,372"
Answers: "Mole","correct":false,"count":"95,598"}]
Answers: "Pilates","correct":true,"count":"167,511"
Answers: "Yoga","correct":false,"count":"91,371"
Answers: "Tai chi","correct":false,"count":"172,441"}]
Answers: "Chihuahua","correct":false,"count":"16,684"
Answers: "Tabasco","correct":false,"count":"46,417"
Answers: "Piñata","correct":true,"count":"105,299"}]
Answers: "Startup founders","correct":false,"count":"34,125"
Answers: "Book editors","correct":true,"count":"54,315"
Answers: "Football coaches","correct":false,"count":"16,058"}]
Answers: "Homo erectus","correct":false,"count":"20,030"
Answers: "Homo heidelbergensis","correct":false,"count":"4,942"
Answers: "Homo habilis","correct":true,"count":"27,256"}]
Answers: "George McClellan","correct":true,"count":"8,598"
Answers: "Ambrose Burnside","correct":false,"count":"11,676"
Answers: "Stonewall Jackson","correct":false,"count":"6,652"}]
Answers: "Podgorica","correct":true,"count":"3,072"
Answers: "Chișinău","correct":false,"count":"2,010"
Answers: "Skopje","correct":false,"count":"3,957"}]
Answers: "The Killing Moon","correct":false,"count":"595"
Answers: 
Answers: "Hungry Like the Wolf","correct":true,"count":"2,442"}]
Answers: "6 owes 7 money","correct":false,"count":"23,894"
Answers: "6 misunderstood 7’s text","correct":false,"count":"10,053"
Answers: "Because 7 ate 9","correct":true,"count":"611,823"}]
Answers: "Improv group","correct":false,"count":"2,468"
Answers: "Igloo","correct":false,"count":"1,370"
Answers: "Information","correct":true,"count":"600,069"}]
Answers: "Ambrose","correct":false,"count":"11,447"
Answers: "Chet","correct":false,"count":"6,388"
Answers: "David","correct":true,"count":"576,866"}]
Answers: "Palace of Song","correct":false,"count":"27,952"
Answers: "Graceland","correct":true,"count":"511,218"
Answers: "Rock n Roll HQ","correct":false,"count":"29,855"}]
Answers: "Bucky","correct":false,"count":"93,136"
Answers: "Dollop","correct":false,"count":"70,702"
Answers: "Loonie","correct":true,"count":"342,485"}]
Answers: "On a finger","correct":true,"count":"129,102"
Answers: "Top of head","correct":false,"count":"102,669"
Answers: "Around the neck","correct":false,"count":"106,372"}]
Answers: "Germany","correct":true,"count":"49,090"
Answers: "France","correct":false,"count":"10,984"
Answers: "The Netherlands","correct":false,"count":"69,849"}]
Answers: "William Howard Taft","correct":false,"count":"13,885"
Answers: "Franklin D. Roosevelt","correct":false,"count":"17,742"
Answers: "John F. Kennedy","correct":true,"count":"17,236"}]
Answers: "The Notebook","correct":false,"count":"7,399"
Answers: "The Intern","correct":true,"count":"6,457"
Answers: "Shakespeare in Love","correct":false,"count":"3,682"}]
Answers: "Brigham Young University","correct":false,"count":"2,489"
Answers: "University of Missouri","correct":false,"count":"1,025"
Answers: "Arizona State University","correct":true,"count":"3,071"}]
Answers: "Lampshading","correct":true,"count":"1,854"
Answers: "Fridge logic","correct":false,"count":"374"
Answers: "Continuity nod","correct":false,"count":"871"}]
Answers: "Archimedes","correct":false,"count":"887"
Answers: "Cleopatra","correct":false,"count":"417"
Answers: "Alexander of Macedonia","correct":true,"count":"572"}]
Answers: "Smushing","correct":false,"count":"11,911"
Answers: "Flipping","correct":true,"count":"806,901"
Answers: "Teleporting","correct":false,"count":"4,495"}]
Answers: "Garbage Island","correct":false,"count":"5,817"
Answers: "Prairie","correct":true,"count":"791,402"
Answers: "Volcano","correct":false,"count":"4,274"}]
Answers: "Gravel","correct":false,"count":"40,872"
Answers: "Grout","correct":true,"count":"740,525"
Answers: "Grundy","correct":false,"count":"4,819"}]
Answers: "Sushi","correct":true,"count":"630,485"
Answers: "BLT sandwich","correct":false,"count":"37,112"
Answers: "Spaghetti bolognese","correct":false,"count":"60,090"}]
Answers: "Cologne","correct":true,"count":"600,392"
Answers: "Colone","correct":false,"count":"4,896"
Answers: "Colonge","correct":false,"count":"23,395"}]
Answers: "Germany","correct":false,"count":"148,169"
Answers: "France","correct":true,"count":"334,144"
Answers: "Ireland","correct":false,"count":"101,490"}]
Answers: "Sweeney Todd","correct":false,"count":"36,094"
Answers: "Little Shop of Horrors","correct":true,"count":"284,449"
Answers: "Spamalot","correct":false,"count":"25,179"}]
Answers: "Euler","correct":false,"count":"49,341"
Answers: "Gauss","correct":false,"count":"57,362"
Answers: "Fibonacci","correct":true,"count":"177,999"}]
Answers: "IM Pei","correct":false,"count":"31,269"
Answers: "Frank Gehry","correct":false,"count":"54,516"
Answers: "Frank Lloyd Wright","correct":true,"count":"86,946"}]
Answers: "Oregon","correct":true,"count":"59,509"
Answers: "New York","correct":false,"count":"18,349"
Answers: "Alabama","correct":false,"count":"13,694"}]
Answers: "Close-up magic tricks","correct":true,"count":"29,584"
Answers: "Super slow-motion","correct":false,"count":"12,700"
Answers: "Zero gravity","correct":false,"count":"18,789"}]
Answers: "Nelson Rockefeller","correct":false,"count":"11,250"
Answers: "George Vanderbilt II","correct":true,"count":"19,317"
Answers: "Bill Gates","correct":false,"count":"886"}]
Answers: "New York Stock Exchange","correct":false,"count":"5,724"
Answers: "Daycare","correct":true,"count":"594,144"
Answers: "Yacht parties","correct":false,"count":"2,505"}]
Answers: "Robin Hood","correct":true,"count":"502,836"
Answers: "Al Capone","correct":false,"count":"40,291"
Answers: "East Side Boyz","correct":false,"count":"37,584"}]
Answers: "Maryland","correct":false,"count":"159,201"
Answers: "Connecticut","correct":true,"count":"330,381"
Answers: "New Mexico","correct":false,"count":"6,597"}]
Answers: "Ridin’ dirty","correct":true,"count":"260,624"
Answers: "Turnin’ thirty","correct":false,"count":"7,232"
Answers: "Gettin’ flirty","correct":false,"count":"28,059"}]
Answers: "Eyeballs","correct":false,"count":"42,772"
Answers: "Nails","correct":false,"count":"184,439"
Answers: "Hair","correct":true,"count":"29,968"}]
Answers: "Rent","correct":false,"count":"18,761"
Answers: "Hamilton","correct":false,"count":"4,453"
Answers: "Spring Awakening","correct":true,"count":"9,838"}]
Answers: "Army formation","correct":false,"count":"1,999"
Answers: "Architecture type","correct":true,"count":"6,133"
Answers: "Voting law","correct":false,"count":"2,091"}]
Answers: "Faith Hill","correct":true,"count":"3,244"
Answers: "Reba McEntire","correct":false,"count":"609"
Answers: "Blake Shelton","correct":false,"count":"2,252"}]
Answers: "Alpha Centauri","correct":false,"count":"2,557"
Answers: "Rigel","correct":true,"count":"449"
Answers: "Perseus","correct":false,"count":"367"}]
Answers: "Lotte World Tower","correct":false,"count":"165"
Answers: "Burj Khalifa","correct":false,"count":"183"
Answers: "Ping’An Finance Centre","correct":true,"count":"264"}]
Answers: "Dwayne Johnson","correct":false,"count":"29"
Answers: "Mark Wahlberg","correct":false,"count":"101"
Answers: "Will Ferrell","correct":true,"count":"141"}]
Answers: "Perp walking","correct":false,"count":"4,223"
Answers: "Sleepwalking","correct":true,"count":"789,334"
Answers: "Catwalking","correct":false,"count":"4,742"}]
Answers: "Vampire village","correct":false,"count":"3,873"
Answers: "Ghost town","correct":true,"count":"771,236"
Answers: "Babadook borough","correct":false,"count":"5,982"}]
Answers: "Colorado","correct":false,"count":"80,611"
Answers: "California","correct":true,"count":"672,678"
Answers: "Wine-oming","correct":false,"count":"10,154"}]
Answers: "Mars","correct":true,"count":"563,803"
Answers: "Saturn","correct":false,"count":"49,962"
Answers: "Jupiter","correct":false,"count":"54,095"}]
Answers: "Health","correct":true,"count":"487,578"
Answers: "Housing","correct":false,"count":"65,488"
Answers: "Happiness","correct":false,"count":"5,289"}]
Answers: "Aardwolf","correct":true,"count":"125,419"
Answers: "Pyfrog","correct":false,"count":"162,993"
Answers: "Jagfly","correct":false,"count":"184,490"}]
Answers: "Eyes Wide Shut","correct":false,"count":"50,330"
Answers: "Crash","correct":false,"count":"14,437"
Answers: "Battlefield Earth","correct":true,"count":"63,713"}]
Answers: "Decacorn","correct":true,"count":"38,495"
Answers: "Millicorn","correct":false,"count":"4,555"
Answers: "Billicorn","correct":false,"count":"15,258"}]
Answers: "Steve Jobs’ birth year","correct":false,"count":"17,063"
Answers: "Oregon area code","correct":false,"count":"10,909"
Answers: "Number of the beast","correct":true,"count":"8,937"}]
Answers: "TLC","correct":true,"count":"6,057"
Answers: "U2","correct":false,"count":"1,154"
Answers: "No Doubt","correct":false,"count":"2,736"}]
Answers: "Joe DiMaggio","correct":false,"count":"1,314"
Answers: "Ted Williams","correct":false,"count":"1,658"
Answers: "Jackie Robinson","correct":true,"count":"3,205"}]
Answers: "Under the Tuscan Sun","correct":false,"count":"2,439"
Answers: "Legally Blonde","correct":false,"count":"391"
Answers: "Coyote Ugly","correct":true,"count":"477"}]
Answers: "Fraudcast","correct":false,"count":"4,096"
Answers: "Scottcast","correct":false,"count":"3,107"
Answers: "Podcast","correct":true,"count":"580,600"}]
Answers: "Luggage pants","correct":false,"count":"6,384"
Answers: "Cargo pants","correct":true,"count":"562,379"
Answers: "Shipping container pants","correct":false,"count":"1,452"}]
Answers: "Dolphin","correct":true,"count":"540,155"
Answers: "Tiger shark","correct":false,"count":"11,117"
Answers: "Catfish","correct":false,"count":"4,462"}]
Answers: "Holmium","correct":false,"count":"2,791"
Answers: "Hydrogen","correct":false,"count":"3,769"
Answers: "Helium","correct":true,"count":"530,125"}]
Answers: "Broccoli","correct":true,"count":"302,948"
Answers: "Carrot","correct":false,"count":"73,229"
Answers: "Rhubarb","correct":false,"count":"146,054"}]
Answers: "Kazaam","correct":false,"count":"79,886"
Answers: "Shazaam","correct":false,"count":"119,994"
Answers: "Neither","correct":true,"count":"98,333"}]
Answers: "The UK","correct":false,"count":"57,484"
Answers: "Canada","correct":false,"count":"15,026"
Answers: "Denmark","correct":true,"count":"26,534"}]
Answers: "Dark room","correct":true,"count":"8,523"
Answers: "Hidden image","correct":false,"count":"15,617"
Answers: "Light source","correct":false,"count":"3,167"}]
Answers: "Without hope","correct":false,"count":"341"
Answers: "Without fighting","correct":true,"count":"5,862"
Answers: "Without mercy","correct":false,"count":"2,635"}]
Answers: "Father","correct":false,"count":"875"
Answers: "Car","correct":false,"count":"1,725"
Answers: "Pet","correct":true,"count":"3,221"}]
Answers: "Drake","correct":true,"count":"1,152"
Answers: "Kanye West","correct":false,"count":"1,058"
Answers: "Jay-Z","correct":false,"count":"1,017"}]
Answers: "Stonehenge","correct":true,"count":"491"
Answers: "Liberty Bell","correct":false,"count":"403"
Answers: "Eiffel Tower","correct":false,"count":"351"}]
Answers: "Birthday cakes","correct":false,"count":"7,601"
Answers: "Mirth lakes","correct":false,"count":"5,662"
Answers: "Earthquakes","correct":true,"count":"720,981"}]
Answers: "Pants","correct":true,"count":"708,476"
Answers: "Banks","correct":false,"count":"3,841"
Answers: "Weekly meetings","correct":false,"count":"1,969"}]
Answers: "Fittest","correct":true,"count":"690,959"
Answers: "Smoothest","correct":false,"count":"6,875"
Answers: "Funkiest","correct":false,"count":"3,443"}]
Answers: "Mortgage payments","correct":false,"count":"116,490"
Answers: "School alumni program","correct":false,"count":"22,377"
Answers: "Religious organization","correct":true,"count":"540,311"}]
Answers: "Watermumpkin","correct":false,"count":"63,959"
Answers: "Avotato","correct":false,"count":"59,311"
Answers: "Limequat","correct":true,"count":"408,745"}]
Answers: "Topology","correct":false,"count":"155,552"
Answers: "Calculus","correct":true,"count":"226,252"
Answers: "Algebra","correct":false,"count":"17,968"}]
Answers: "Andy","correct":false,"count":"118,623"
Answers: "Bugdroid","correct":true,"count":"54,999"
Answers: "Snoo","correct":false,"count":"52,132"}]
Answers: "Savage","correct":false,"count":"1,455"
Answers: "Never","correct":false,"count":"12,505"
Answers: "Friend","correct":true,"count":"41,967"}]
Answers: "Closer","correct":true,"count":"17,605"
Answers: "Enter Sandman","correct":false,"count":"11,155"
Answers: "Smells Like Teen Spirit","correct":false,"count":"12,384"}]
Answers: "Attract nice neighbors","correct":false,"count":"615"
Answers: "Bring financial success","correct":false,"count":"8,708"
Answers: "Entice evil spirits","correct":true,"count":"8,149"}]
Answers: "The Road","correct":false,"count":"2,171"
Answers: "The Goldfinch","correct":false,"count":"3,151"
Answers: "The Corrections","correct":true,"count":"3,002"}]
Answers: "Buckingham Palace","correct":true,"count":"1,103,491"
Answers: "Taj Mahal","correct":false,"count":"7,767"
Answers: "Mushroom Castle","correct":false,"count":"2,574"}]
Answers: "Beer guzzler helmet","correct":false,"count":"2,982"
Answers: "Fedora","correct":false,"count":"33,058"
Answers: "Crown","correct":true,"count":"1,050,516"}]
Answers: "Royal blue","correct":true,"count":"1,029,839"
Answers: "Royal hot pink","correct":false,"count":"6,075"
Answers: "Royal brown","correct":false,"count":"4,709"}]
Answers: "Bridal Beef Wellington","correct":false,"count":"548,464"
Answers: "Marriage Lobsters","correct":false,"count":"85,529"
Answers: "Engagement Chicken","correct":true,"count":"332,842"}]
Answers: "Elephant","correct":false,"count":"20,443"
Answers: "Hummingbird","correct":false,"count":"143,678"
Answers: "Bee","correct":true,"count":"180,651"}]
Answers: "Flashing your bling","correct":false,"count":"28,724"
Answers: "Trashing the hotel room","correct":true,"count":"90,390"
Answers: "Dancing on tables","correct":false,"count":"56,517"}]
Answers: "Japan","correct":true,"count":"45,203"
Answers: "Finland","correct":false,"count":"27,466"
Answers: "Hungary","correct":false,"count":"19,748"}]
Answers: "Secretary","correct":false,"count":"3,535"
Answers: "Lawyer","correct":false,"count":"14,502"
Answers: "Paralegal","correct":true,"count":"28,770"}]
Answers: "Putting arm around Kate","correct":true,"count":"15,985"
Answers: "Keeping his hat on","correct":false,"count":"8,337"
Answers: "Taking a selfie","correct":false,"count":"4,475"}]
Answers: "Saudi Arabia","correct":false,"count":"1,064"
Answers: "Thailand","correct":false,"count":"10,738"
Answers: "United Kingdom","correct":true,"count":"4,696"}]
Answers: "Funny Face","correct":true,"count":"1,480"
Answers: "The Seven Year Itch","correct":false,"count":"2,059"
Answers: "Cleopatra","correct":false,"count":"2,333"}]
Answers: "Princess Charlotte","correct":true,"count":"1,511"
Answers: "Prince Harry","correct":false,"count":"206"
Answers: "Duchess Kate Middleton","correct":false,"count":"81"}]
Answers: "Dump trucks","correct":false,"count":"4,937"
Answers: "Cute ducks","correct":false,"count":"3,267"
Answers: "Good luck","correct":true,"count":"823,023"}]
Answers: "Pound of feathers","correct":false,"count":"7,964"
Answers: "Pound of bricks","correct":false,"count":"186,822"
Answers: "Two pounds of feathers","correct":true,"count":"615,038"}]
Answers: "Java","correct":true,"count":"591,443"
Answers: "Ireland","correct":false,"count":"4,453"
Answers: "Bora Bora","correct":false,"count":"17,208"}]
Answers: "Femur","correct":true,"count":"579,386"
Answers: "Aorta","correct":false,"count":"3,779"
Answers: "Deltoid","correct":false,"count":"5,072"}]
Answers: "Pointillism","correct":false,"count":"269,101"
Answers: "Graffiti","correct":false,"count":"93,099"
Answers: "Chiaroscuro","correct":true,"count":"204,374"}]
Answers: "Steve Wozniak","correct":false,"count":"37,630"
Answers: "Warren Buffett","correct":true,"count":"112,468"
Answers: "Bill Gates","correct":false,"count":"57,295"}]
Answers: "Associative law","correct":false,"count":"37,840"
Answers: "Commutative law","correct":true,"count":"55,814"
Answers: "Distributive law","correct":false,"count":"18,025"}]
Answers: "Utah","correct":true,"count":"34,850"
Answers: "Wyoming","correct":false,"count":"5,532"
Answers: "Montana","correct":false,"count":"15,977"}]
Answers: "Unforgiven","correct":false,"count":"10,912"
Answers: "No Country for Old Men","correct":false,"count":"17,696"
Answers: "The Shawshank Redemption","correct":true,"count":"5,699"}]
Answers: "India","correct":true,"count":"3,269"
Answers: "Italy","correct":false,"count":"2,942"
Answers: "Canada","correct":false,"count":"390"}]
Answers: "Tom Brady","correct":false,"count":"710"
Answers: "Russell Wilson","correct":false,"count":"742"
Answers: "Joe Montana","correct":true,"count":"1,909"}]
Answers: "Eleanor Roosevelt","correct":false,"count":"233"
Answers: "Jackie Kennedy","correct":true,"count":"1,566"
Answers: "Marilyn Monroe","correct":false,"count":"171"}]
Answers: "Sleepy bees","correct":false,"count":"5,633"
Answers: "Slow-cooker recipes","correct":false,"count":"6,800"
Answers: "Candy","correct":true,"count":"1,914,075"}]
Answers: "Stomach","correct":false,"count":"54,635"
Answers: "Neighbor’s apartment","correct":false,"count":"9,607"
Answers: "Soul","correct":true,"count":"1,835,964"}]
Answers: "Japan","correct":false,"count":"23,061"
Answers: "Mongolia","correct":false,"count":"52,318"
Answers: "Germany","correct":true,"count":"1,751,843"}]
Answers: "Tricorne","correct":false,"count":"343,128"
Answers: "Mortarboard","correct":true,"count":"1,042,494"
Answers: "Homburg","correct":false,"count":"303,420"}]
Answers: "No whammies!","correct":true,"count":"711,338"
Answers: "Sock it to me!","correct":false,"count":"191,198"
Answers: "Come on down!","correct":false,"count":"145,242"}]
Answers: "Psychology","correct":true,"count":"189,498"
Answers: "Latin","correct":false,"count":"249,657"
Answers: "World history","correct":false,"count":"35,944"}]
Answers: "Hickory","correct":true,"count":"85,772"
Answers: "Douglas fir","correct":false,"count":"52,361"
Answers: "Redwood","correct":false,"count":"63,105"}]
Answers: "No Fences","correct":true,"count":"45,898"
Answers: "Shock’n Y’all","correct":false,"count":"19,114"
Answers: "Some Gave All","correct":false,"count":"22,362"}]
Answers: "Cuba","correct":false,"count":"15,774"
Answers: "Iceland","correct":false,"count":"6,963"
Answers: "Sri Lanka","correct":true,"count":"25,650"}]
Answers: "Bulldogs","correct":true,"count":"17,645"
Answers: "Huskies","correct":false,"count":"2,632"
Answers: "Bloodhounds","correct":false,"count":"6,617"}]
Answers: "Milwaukee Brewers","correct":true,"count":"6,480"
Answers: "Minnesota Twins","correct":false,"count":"4,696"
Answers: "Texas Rangers","correct":false,"count":"6,254"}]
Answers: "Myrtle Wilson","correct":false,"count":"1,313"
Answers: "George Wilson","correct":true,"count":"2,704"
Answers: "Jay Gatsby","correct":false,"count":"3,076"}]
Answers: "Lake Tanganyika","correct":false,"count":"1,049"
Answers: "Lake Titicaca","correct":true,"count":"1,175"
Answers: "Lake Baikal","correct":false,"count":"829"}]
Answers: "Harrison Ford","correct":true,"count":"276"
Answers: "Richard Dreyfuss","correct":false,"count":"336"
Answers: "George Lucas","correct":false,"count":"647"}]
Answers: "Hamsters","correct":false,"count":"17,519"
Answers: "Hippos","correct":true,"count":"617,019"
Answers: "Dementors","correct":false,"count":"7,545"}]
Answers: "Leia","correct":false,"count":"7,229"
Answers: "Jasmine","correct":true,"count":"602,616"
Answers: "Meghan Markle","correct":false,"count":"1,194"}]
Answers: "Pitfall!","correct":false,"count":"7,674"
Answers: "Q*bert","correct":false,"count":"10,060"
Answers: "Ms. Pac-Man","correct":true,"count":"445,112"}]
Answers: "Medallion","correct":false,"count":"12,644"
Answers: "Porthole","correct":false,"count":"31,596"
Answers: "Eyelet","correct":true,"count":"397,949"}]
Answers: "Derivatives","correct":false,"count":"184,730"
Answers: "Logarithms","correct":true,"count":"143,011"
Answers: "Quadratics","correct":false,"count":"58,111"}]
Answers: "Ophthalmologist","correct":true,"count":"91,764"
Answers: "Optician","correct":false,"count":"15,078"
Answers: "Optometrist","correct":false,"count":"37,630"}]
Answers: "800-meter run","correct":false,"count":"32,684"
Answers: "Shot put","correct":false,"count":"26,915"
Answers: "100-meter dash","correct":true,"count":"31,132"}]
Answers: "Neckties","correct":true,"count":"13,620"
Answers: "Orchids","correct":false,"count":"12,938"
Answers: "Stolen goods","correct":false,"count":"5,822"}]
Answers: "Nevada","correct":false,"count":"3,291"
Answers: "New Hampshire","correct":false,"count":"4,845"
Answers: "North Dakota","correct":true,"count":"5,641"}]
Answers: "Henry Clay","correct":true,"count":"2,444"
Answers: "James K. Polk","correct":false,"count":"1,968"
Answers: "Newt Gingrich","correct":false,"count":"1,768"}]
Answers: "Star Wars","correct":true,"count":"1,077"
Answers: "Die Hard","correct":false,"count":"1,233"
Answers: "Titanic","correct":false,"count":"355"}]
Answers: "Remix","correct":false,"count":"5,292"
Answers: "Reply all","correct":false,"count":"3,660"
Answers: "Recycle","correct":true,"count":"1,021,835"}]
Answers: "Thingamajig","correct":false,"count":"598"
Answers: "Turkey baster","correct":false,"count":"1,388"
Answers: "Thermometer","correct":true,"count":"1,017,683"}]
Answers: "LeBron James","correct":false,"count":"2,130"
Answers: "Vampires","correct":true,"count":"1,003,982"
Answers: "Hippogriffs","correct":false,"count":"5,844"}]
Answers: "Respond","correct":true,"count":"966,230"
Answers: "Reapply","correct":false,"count":"9,594"
Answers: "Royal","correct":false,"count":"21,541"}]
Answers: "Birthday party","correct":false,"count":"18,365"
Answers: "Graduation party","correct":false,"count":"35,715"
Answers: "Bachelor party","correct":true,"count":"911,712"}]
Answers: "Margin","correct":true,"count":"737,503"
Answers: "Overhead","correct":false,"count":"162,606"
Answers: "Redundancy","correct":false,"count":"11,345"}]
Answers: "Keratin","correct":true,"count":"653,104"
Answers: "Serotonin","correct":false,"count":"55,156"
Answers: "Dopamine","correct":false,"count":"76,559"}]
Answers: "Baroque","correct":true,"count":"421,873"
Answers: "Rococo","correct":false,"count":"104,720"
Answers: "Neoclassical","correct":false,"count":"161,566"}]
Answers: "WhatsApp","correct":true,"count":"172,876"
Answers: "Oculus VR","correct":false,"count":"52,094"
Answers: "Instagram","correct":false,"count":"276,144"}]
Answers: "Survivor","correct":true,"count":"183,956"
Answers: "The Mole","correct":false,"count":"28,011"
Answers: "Temptation Island","correct":false,"count":"47,837"}]
Answers: "Potatoes","correct":true,"count":"81,559"
Answers: "Cheese","correct":false,"count":"75,718"
Answers: "Saffron","correct":false,"count":"39,016"}]
Answers: "Blue Velvet","correct":false,"count":"34,476"
Answers: "Apocalypse Now","correct":false,"count":"33,901"
Answers: "The Hateful Eight","correct":true,"count":"31,527"}]
Answers: "Woolly mammoth","correct":false,"count":"4,547"
Answers: "Duckie","correct":true,"count":"580,784"
Answers: "Wholphin","correct":false,"count":"3,146"}]
Answers: "Whyhouse","correct":false,"count":"1,266"
Answers: "Warehouse","correct":true,"count":"572,081"
Answers: "Whohouse","correct":false,"count":"1,087"}]
Answers: "Cat","correct":false,"count":"41,421"
Answers: "Dog","correct":false,"count":"28,511"
Answers: "Ox","correct":true,"count":"495,924"}]
Answers: "Politician","correct":false,"count":"52,526"
Answers: "Saint","correct":true,"count":"344,968"
Answers: "Artist","correct":false,"count":"86,165"}]
Answers: "Spinster","correct":false,"count":"57,326"
Answers: "Singleton","correct":false,"count":"87,496"
Answers: "Fifth wheel","correct":true,"count":"192,217"}]
Answers: "Bench press","correct":false,"count":"24,052"
Answers: "Sit-ups","correct":true,"count":"141,489"
Answers: "Squats","correct":false,"count":"27,061"}]
Answers: "The Joy","correct":false,"count":"44,315"
Answers: "The Magic","correct":true,"count":"54,299"
Answers: "The Strength","correct":false,"count":"40,999"}]
Answers: "Damn, Daniel","correct":false,"count":"10,446"
Answers: "Cash me outside girl","correct":true,"count":"35,353"
Answers: "Alex from Target","correct":false,"count":"8,742"}]
Answers: "Secretary","correct":false,"count":"9,149"
Answers: "Seamstress","correct":true,"count":"22,524"
Answers: "Teacher","correct":false,"count":"3,722"}]
Answers: "The Bourne Identity","correct":false,"count":"2,368"
Answers: "The Fast and the Furious","correct":true,"count":"13,106"
Answers: "Mission Impossible","correct":false,"count":"7,166"}]
Answers: "Great Britain","correct":true,"count":"5,871"
Answers: "Portugal","correct":false,"count":"4,246"
Answers: "Italy","correct":false,"count":"2,893"}]
Answers: "Christina Aguilera","correct":false,"count":"2,405"
Answers: "Gwen Stefani","correct":true,"count":"2,206"
Answers: "Pink","correct":false,"count":"1,418"}]
Answers: "Sly and the Family Phone","correct":false,"count":"3,347"
Answers: "Telephone","correct":true,"count":"816,270"
Answers: "Blarney phone","correct":false,"count":"1,902"}]
Answers: "Mint chocolate chip","correct":false,"count":"44,964"
Answers: "Mango","correct":false,"count":"12,014"
Answers: "Strawberry","correct":true,"count":"750,950"}]
Answers: "Crew cut","correct":false,"count":"26,896"
Answers: "Mullet","correct":true,"count":"703,258"
Answers: "Bowl cut","correct":false,"count":"10,205"}]
Answers: "Centimeter","correct":false,"count":"119,224"
Answers: "Centigram","correct":true,"count":"575,669"
Answers: "Centipede","correct":false,"count":"2,040"}]
Answers: "Boa constrictor","correct":false,"count":"16,451"
Answers: "Burmese python","correct":false,"count":"72,847"
Answers: "Black mamba","correct":true,"count":"483,236"}]
Answers: "Opportunity","correct":false,"count":"86,243"
Answers: "Orchestration","correct":false,"count":"13,313"
Answers: "Offering","correct":true,"count":"381,835"}]
Answers: "Bacon","correct":true,"count":"173,347"
Answers: "Weisswurst","correct":false,"count":"180,629"
Answers: "Mousse","correct":false,"count":"20,331"}]
Answers: "New Mexico","correct":false,"count":"37,075"
Answers: "Arizona","correct":false,"count":"55,332"
Answers: "Oklahoma","correct":true,"count":"81,327"}]
Answers: "Robert Frost","correct":false,"count":"44,204"
Answers: "William Carlos Williams","correct":true,"count":"27,140"
Answers: "Gwendolyn Brooks","correct":false,"count":"11,064"}]
Answers: "Beetle Bailey","correct":false,"count":"13,304"
Answers: "Archie","correct":false,"count":"6,248"
Answers: "Odie","correct":true,"count":"8,637"}]
Answers: "Gin","correct":false,"count":"4,807"
Answers: "“Ulysses” by James Joyce","correct":false,"count":"3,761"
Answers: "Sliced bread","correct":true,"count":"782"}]
Answers: "Sirius Black","correct":false,"count":"450"
Answers: "Severus Snape","correct":false,"count":"333"
Answers: "Voldemort","correct":true,"count":"1,238"}]
Answers: "Mouse","correct":true,"count":"576,099"
Answers: "Clicking aardvark","correct":false,"count":"1,341"
Answers: "Pizza rat","correct":false,"count":"610"}]
Answers: "Specimen","correct":true,"count":"561,850"
Answers: "Special sauce","correct":false,"count":"3,809"
Answers: "Joe Spesci","correct":false,"count":"1,794"}]
Answers: "Spinach","correct":true,"count":"546,131"
Answers: "Steamed hams","correct":false,"count":"4,968"
Answers: "Steak","correct":false,"count":"5,700"}]
Answers: "French doors","correct":true,"count":"503,600"
Answers: "Swiss gates","correct":false,"count":"25,999"
Answers: "Canadian hatches","correct":false,"count":"9,105"}]
Answers: "Zombie","correct":true,"count":"160,910"
Answers: "Ghost","correct":false,"count":"256,434"
Answers: "Vampire","correct":false,"count":"71,534"}]
Answers: "Head","correct":false,"count":"15,679"
Answers: "Arms","correct":false,"count":"8,820"
Answers: "Torso","correct":true,"count":"140,236"}]
Answers: "Squirrel","correct":false,"count":"68,745"
Answers: "Tasmanian devil","correct":true,"count":"41,515"
Answers: "Rabbit","correct":false,"count":"28,064"}]
Answers: "General Hospital","correct":false,"count":"1,449"
Answers: "Days of Our Lives","correct":true,"count":"38,778"
Answers: "Guiding Light","correct":false,"count":"2,707"}]
Answers: "Vinegar fly","correct":true,"count":"7,081"
Answers: "Horse-fly","correct":false,"count":"26,087"
Answers: "Crane fly","correct":false,"count":"4,581"}]
Answers: "Jason Alexander","correct":false,"count":"1,863"
Answers: "Colin Farrell","correct":false,"count":"3,278"
Answers: "Christian Bale","correct":true,"count":"2,695"}]
Answers: "Mary","correct":false,"count":"717"
Answers: "Vanessa","correct":true,"count":"1,656"
Answers: "Sandra","correct":false,"count":"483"}]
Answers: "San Jose","correct":false,"count":"628"
Answers: "San Francisco","correct":false,"count":"472"
Answers: "Santa Monica","correct":true,"count":"572"}]
Answers: "Snakes","correct":true,"count":"810,631"
Answers: "Hoverboards","correct":false,"count":"8,428"
Answers: "Unread emails","correct":false,"count":"4,090"}]
Answers: "Hamster","correct":true,"count":"804,212"
Answers: "Hyena","correct":false,"count":"1,701"
Answers: "Hammerhead shark","correct":false,"count":"1,341"}]
Answers: "Five after midnight","correct":true,"count":"713,532"
Answers: "Five past noon","correct":false,"count":"62,765"
Answers: "Five of noon","correct":false,"count":"6,121"}]
Answers: "Cricket","correct":true,"count":"667,817"
Answers: "Ice hockey","correct":false,"count":"6,108"
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"35,888"}]
Answers: "Scrumptious","correct":false,"count":"17,708"
Answers: "Succulent","correct":true,"count":"598,355"
Answers: "Delectable","correct":false,"count":"44,055"}]
Answers: "Divine","correct":false,"count":"119,647"
Answers: "Forgivable","correct":false,"count":"60,123"
Answers: "Human","correct":true,"count":"412,582"}]
Answers: "White","correct":false,"count":"119,365"
Answers: "Black","correct":true,"count":"221,780"
Answers: "Red","correct":false,"count":"66,059"}]
Answers: "Helsinki","correct":true,"count":"106,201"
Answers: "Stockholm","correct":false,"count":"56,166"
Answers: "Moscow","correct":false,"count":"61,180"}]
Answers: "Tinder","correct":false,"count":"43,324"
Answers: "Snapchat","correct":true,"count":"24,854"
Answers: "Evernote","correct":false,"count":"38,728"}]
Answers: "Transparent","correct":false,"count":"5,756"
Answers: "Glee","correct":true,"count":"12,934"
Answers: "Scandal","correct":false,"count":"8,000"}]
Answers: "Fake fake fake","correct":false,"count":"6,194"
Answers: "Break break break","correct":false,"count":"3,192"
Answers: "Take take take","correct":true,"count":"3,312"}]
Answers: "Dallas Buyers Club","correct":true,"count":"1,484"
Answers: "Mystic River","correct":false,"count":"716"
Answers: "The King’s Speech","correct":false,"count":"1,438"}]
Answers: "Frodo","correct":false,"count":"6,781"
Answers: "Sourdough","correct":true,"count":"557,119"
Answers: "Dodo","correct":false,"count":"4,976"}]
Answers: "Shopping mantis","correct":false,"count":"6,369"
Answers: "Tweeting mantis","correct":false,"count":"8,589"
Answers: "Praying mantis","correct":true,"count":"532,312"}]
Answers: "Weebles","correct":false,"count":"2,129"
Answers: "Spinderellas","correct":false,"count":"1,911"
Answers: "Rollerblades","correct":true,"count":"523,535"}]
Answers: "A-frame","correct":true,"count":"375,035"
Answers: "Ranch","correct":false,"count":"35,996"
Answers: "Colonial","correct":false,"count":"56,434"}]
Answers: "Hydraulics","correct":false,"count":"11,715"
Answers: "Hydronics","correct":false,"count":"40,376"
Answers: "Hydroponics","correct":true,"count":"320,498"}]
Answers: "Tires","correct":true,"count":"169,084"
Answers: "Jewelry","correct":false,"count":"98,330"
Answers: "Golf clubs","correct":false,"count":"44,180"}]
Answers: "Kendrick Lamar","correct":false,"count":"32,363"
Answers: "Meek Mill","correct":true,"count":"75,083"
Answers: "Kanye West","correct":false,"count":"62,055"}]
Answers: "Massachusetts","correct":false,"count":"10,072"
Answers: "Ohio","correct":false,"count":"11,856"
Answers: "Illinois","correct":true,"count":"53,550"}]
Answers: "Starry Night","correct":false,"count":"7,169"
Answers: "The Last Supper","correct":true,"count":"32,213"
Answers: "Whistler’s Mother","correct":false,"count":"14,147"}]
Answers: "Type of mustard","correct":false,"count":"19,019"
Answers: "State governor","correct":false,"count":"6,068"
Answers: "Hotel","correct":true,"count":"7,731"}]
Answers: "Foolishness","correct":false,"count":"3,375"
Answers: "Wisdom","correct":true,"count":"3,398"
Answers: "Belief","correct":false,"count":"1,930"}]
Answers: "The Mason-Dixon Line","correct":false,"count":"3,914"
Answers: "Water","correct":true,"count":"786,198"
Answers: "Oreos","correct":false,"count":"1,722"}]
Answers: "Grandfather clocks","correct":true,"count":"762,098"
Answers: "Second cousin clocks","correct":false,"count":"4,720"
Answers: "Stepbrother clocks","correct":false,"count":"3,387"}]
Answers: "Piglet","correct":true,"count":"590,862"
Answers: "Miss Piggy","correct":false,"count":"98,579"
Answers: "Peppa Pig","correct":false,"count":"64,207"}]
Answers: "Mango","correct":true,"count":"394,163"
Answers: "Clementine","correct":false,"count":"32,240"
Answers: "Citron","correct":false,"count":"160,962"}]
Answers: "Saturday","correct":false,"count":"10,051"
Answers: "Tuesday","correct":true,"count":"344,618"
Answers: "Thursday","correct":false,"count":"39,541"}]
Answers: "Siciliana","correct":false,"count":"60,113"
Answers: "Margherita","correct":true,"count":"271,701"
Answers: "Stromboli","correct":false,"count":"11,057"}]
Answers: "Rink","correct":false,"count":"22,273"
Answers: "Puck","correct":true,"count":"229,252"
Answers: "Hoop","correct":false,"count":"19,451"}]
Answers: "Scandal","correct":false,"count":"18,797"
Answers: "Breaking Bad","correct":true,"count":"185,407"
Answers: "The Big Bang Theory","correct":false,"count":"20,862"}]
Answers: "Secretariat","correct":false,"count":"51,219"
Answers: "American Pharoah","correct":true,"count":"115,894"
Answers: "Affirmed","correct":false,"count":"17,687"}]
Answers: "Statue of Zeus","correct":false,"count":"28,454"
Answers: "Temple of Artemis","correct":false,"count":"29,675"
Answers: "Hanging Gardens","correct":true,"count":"57,654"}]
Answers: "Mexico","correct":false,"count":"7,219"
Answers: "India","correct":false,"count":"22,307"
Answers: "United States","correct":true,"count":"29,624"}]
Answers: "Wham!","correct":false,"count":"11,928"
Answers: "Eurythmics","correct":false,"count":"9,842"
Answers: "Hall & Oates","correct":true,"count":"8,421"}]
Answers: "Quit your job","correct":false,"count":"2,718"
Answers: "Clap your hands","correct":true,"count":"539,037"
Answers: "Buy a house","correct":false,"count":"1,622"}]
Answers: "Zamboni","correct":true,"count":"518,886"
Answers: "Tortellini","correct":false,"count":"8,897"
Answers: "Childish Gambino","correct":false,"count":"4,332"}]
Answers: "Piano","correct":false,"count":"1,957"
Answers: "Harp","correct":false,"count":"33,081"
Answers: "Guitar","correct":true,"count":"478,505"}]
Answers: "Fernandomania","correct":false,"count":"55,509"
Answers: "Hulkamania","correct":true,"count":"237,151"
Answers: "Beatlemania","correct":false,"count":"158,024"}]
Answers: "The Grapes of Wrath","correct":true,"count":"167,969"
Answers: "The Jungle","correct":false,"count":"41,146"
Answers: "On the Road","correct":false,"count":"25,209"}]
Answers: "Snoop Dogg","correct":false,"count":"17,846"
Answers: "50 Cent","correct":true,"count":"125,618"
Answers: "Common","correct":false,"count":"23,216"}]
Answers: "Mozart","correct":false,"count":"33,187"
Answers: "Beethoven","correct":true,"count":"88,935"
Answers: "Tchaikovsky","correct":false,"count":"3,154"}]
Answers: "Pouf","correct":true,"count":"59,344"
Answers: "Crown braid","correct":false,"count":"22,397"
Answers: "Bob cut","correct":false,"count":"7,250"}]
Answers: "Ralph Nader","correct":true,"count":"24,626"
Answers: "Ross Perot","correct":false,"count":"20,716"
Answers: "Pat Buchanan","correct":false,"count":"12,610"}]
Answers: "Kiss Me, Kate","correct":false,"count":"5,467"
Answers: "Hello, Dolly!","correct":true,"count":"9,873"
Answers: "Hamlet","correct":false,"count":"9,762"}]
Answers: "Buster Douglas","correct":false,"count":"2,073"
Answers: "Lennox Lewis","correct":true,"count":"2,881"
Answers: "Evander Holyfield","correct":false,"count":"5,274"}]
Answers: "Robin Williams","correct":true,"count":"526"
Answers: "Martin Sheen","correct":false,"count":"1,771"
Answers: "Anthony Hopkins","correct":false,"count":"830"}]
Answers: "Friday","correct":true,"count":"659,334"
Answers: "Fuzzball","correct":false,"count":"2,228"
Answers: "Fundamentally sound","correct":false,"count":"3,131"}]
Answers: "Last Monday of May","correct":true,"count":"611,456"
Answers: "Last day of winter","correct":false,"count":"6,892"
Answers: "First day of summer","correct":false,"count":"28,747"}]
Answers: "Space bar","correct":true,"count":"603,912"
Answers: "Escape key","correct":false,"count":"2,860"
Answers: "Option key","correct":false,"count":"778"}]
Answers: "Turtle","correct":true,"count":"252,300"
Answers: "Toad","correct":false,"count":"48,426"
Answers: "Salamander","correct":false,"count":"291,144"}]
Answers: "Klingon","correct":true,"count":"235,598"
Answers: "Jedi","correct":false,"count":"15,026"
Answers: "Elvish","correct":false,"count":"5,581"}]
Answers: "Los Angeles Lakers","correct":false,"count":"24,619"
Answers: "Boston Celtics","correct":false,"count":"62,713"
Answers: "Chicago Bulls","correct":true,"count":"138,692"}]
Answers: "US president","correct":false,"count":"48,411"
Answers: "US vice president","correct":true,"count":"58,945"
Answers: "Same number","correct":false,"count":"24,239"}]
Answers: "Batman","correct":false,"count":"6,707"
Answers: "Superman","correct":false,"count":"26,597"
Answers: "Zorro","correct":true,"count":"27,195"}]
Answers: "La Paz","correct":false,"count":"2,737"
Answers: "Santa Cruz","correct":true,"count":"16,509"
Answers: "Sucre","correct":false,"count":"8,572"}]
Answers: "Gemini","correct":true,"count":"13,329"
Answers: "Artemis","correct":false,"count":"2,086"
Answers: "Vulcan","correct":false,"count":"1,258"}]
Answers: "Outlander","correct":true,"count":"5,109"
Answers: "RAV4","correct":false,"count":"3,275"
Answers: "Forester","correct":false,"count":"4,526"}]
Answers: "George Bernard Shaw","correct":false,"count":"1,107"
Answers: "Arthur Miller","correct":true,"count":"2,769"
Answers: "Eugene O’Neill","correct":false,"count":"1,488"}]
Answers: "Duvet cover","correct":false,"count":"3,253"
Answers: "Corned beef sandwiches","correct":false,"count":"2,359"
Answers: "Syrup","correct":true,"count":"733,069"}]
Answers: "Month","correct":false,"count":"20,848"
Answers: "Minute","correct":true,"count":"701,978"
Answers: "Matzoh","correct":false,"count":"2,495"}]
Answers: "Hypothesis","correct":true,"count":"693,439"
Answers: "Hippopotamus","correct":false,"count":"2,597"
Answers: "Hype man","correct":false,"count":"447"}]
Answers: "Amendments","correct":false,"count":"56,295"
Answers: "Animal classifications","correct":false,"count":"60,422"
Answers: "Rainbow colors","correct":true,"count":"557,256"}]
Answers: "Canada","correct":false,"count":"2,455"
Answers: "Croatia","correct":false,"count":"8,624"
Answers: "China","correct":true,"count":"545,131"}]
Answers: "California","correct":false,"count":"7,875"
Answers: "Florida","correct":false,"count":"8,542"
Answers: "New York","correct":true,"count":"526,851"}]
Answers: "Union soldier","correct":true,"count":"176,241"
Answers: "Corrupt cop","correct":false,"count":"193,479"
Answers: "Civil rights activist","correct":false,"count":"146,819"}]
Answers: "Stalinists","correct":false,"count":"39,546"
Answers: "Mensheviks","correct":false,"count":"20,276"
Answers: "Bolsheviks","correct":true,"count":"118,641"}]
Answers: "Mile","correct":false,"count":"11,173"
Answers: "Nautical mile","correct":false,"count":"85,462"
Answers: "Geographical mile","correct":true,"count":"22,486"}]
Answers: "Hawaii","correct":true,"count":"15,654"
Answers: "Florida","correct":false,"count":"5,773"
Answers: "Alaska","correct":false,"count":"3,388"}]
Answers: "Johns Hopkins","correct":false,"count":"5,532"
Answers: "UPenn","correct":true,"count":"4,618"
Answers: "Harvard","correct":false,"count":"5,566"}]
Answers: "Cardinals","correct":false,"count":"382"
Answers: "White Sox","correct":true,"count":"1,112"
Answers: "Cubs","correct":false,"count":"3,509"}]
Answers: "Sandbox","correct":false,"count":"8,836"
Answers: "Safe deposit box","correct":true,"count":"1,366,890"
Answers: "Box turtle","correct":false,"count":"2,564"}]
Answers: "Cowboy","correct":false,"count":"8,644"
Answers: "Pirate","correct":true,"count":"1,337,536"
Answers: "Ninja","correct":false,"count":"12,374"}]
Answers: "Indy 500","correct":true,"count":"1,057,015"
Answers: "Belmont Stakes","correct":false,"count":"100,044"
Answers: "MLB All-Star Game","correct":false,"count":"156,681"}]
Answers: "Switzerland","correct":false,"count":"205,897"
Answers: "Sweden","correct":false,"count":"87,065"
Answers: "Desert island","correct":true,"count":"776,906"}]
Answers: "Z","correct":false,"count":"54,869"
Answers: "Q","correct":false,"count":"100,959"
Answers: "X","correct":true,"count":"636,634"}]
Answers: "Virginia","correct":true,"count":"520,521"
Answers: "Pennsylvania","correct":false,"count":"104,850"
Answers: "New York","correct":false,"count":"21,735"}]
Answers: "A Day in the Life","correct":false,"count":"106,392"
Answers: "Tomorrow Never Knows","correct":false,"count":"171,031"
Answers: "Eleanor Rigby","correct":true,"count":"240,185"}]
Answers: "Baby back","correct":true,"count":"103,146"
Answers: "St. Louis style","correct":false,"count":"52,908"
Answers: "Spare","correct":false,"count":"109,322"}]
Answers: "France","correct":true,"count":"9,790"
Answers: "Luxembourg","correct":false,"count":"73,505"
Answers: "Belgium","correct":false,"count":"33,957"}]
Answers: "Oregon","correct":true,"count":"4,729"
Answers: "Tennessee","correct":false,"count":"10,335"
Answers: "California","correct":false,"count":"3,179"}]
Answers: "The Hulk","correct":false,"count":"1,468"
Answers: "Catwoman","correct":true,"count":"1,551"
Answers: "Superman","correct":false,"count":"2,212"}]
Answers: "Stealing crown jewels","correct":true,"count":"731"
Answers: "Kidnapping heir","correct":false,"count":"529"
Answers: "Burning palace","correct":false,"count":"368"}]
Answers: "Maryland University","correct":true,"count":"296"
Answers: "California University","correct":false,"count":"185"
Answers: "Indiana University","correct":false,"count":"260"}]
Answers: "Aragon","correct":true,"count":"88"
Answers: "Meath","correct":false,"count":"98"
Answers: "Bohemia","correct":false,"count":"126"}]
Answers: "Conversate","correct":false,"count":"22"
Answers: "Irregardless","correct":false,"count":"37"
Answers: "Firstly","correct":true,"count":"34"}]
Answers: "Mount Rushmore","correct":true,"count":"998,766"
Answers: "Small Ben","correct":false,"count":"6,575"
Answers: "Croptopolis","correct":false,"count":"4,313"}]
Answers: "Accountant","correct":false,"count":"4,678"
Answers: "Uncle Tony","correct":false,"count":"8,230"
Answers: "Colt","correct":true,"count":"978,534"}]
Answers: "The ground","correct":false,"count":"104,703"
Answers: "Walls","correct":true,"count":"669,833"
Answers: "Water","correct":false,"count":"156,370"}]
Answers: "To the left","correct":true,"count":"492,197"
Answers: "In the middle","correct":false,"count":"91,310"
Answers: "To the right","correct":false,"count":"89,535"}]
Answers: "Nicki Minaj","correct":false,"count":"62,847"
Answers: "Cardi B","correct":false,"count":"75,383"
Answers: "Lady Gaga","correct":true,"count":"358,152"}]
Answers: "US Open","correct":false,"count":"80,760"
Answers: "French Open","correct":true,"count":"169,013"
Answers: "Australian Open","correct":false,"count":"110,436"}]
Answers: "Uh","correct":true,"count":"62,362"
Answers: "Eye","correct":false,"count":"20,778"
Answers: "Shh","correct":false,"count":"14,389"}]
Answers: "Gregorian","correct":false,"count":"11,572"
Answers: "Hebrew","correct":true,"count":"23,566"
Answers: "Chinese","correct":false,"count":"28,777"}]
Answers: "David Bowie","correct":true,"count":"14,787"
Answers: "Mötley Crüe","correct":false,"count":"7,938"
Answers: "NSYNC","correct":false,"count":"2,488"}]
Answers: "Super Mario Brothers 3","correct":true,"count":"4,335"
Answers: "Castlevania","correct":false,"count":"5,155"
Answers: "Double Dragon","correct":false,"count":"5,887"}]
Answers: "Nostrils","correct":false,"count":"17,835"
Answers: "Toes","correct":true,"count":"549,201"
Answers: "Earlobes","correct":false,"count":"5,359"}]
Answers: "Puréed shrimp","correct":false,"count":"18,699"
Answers: "Tapioca","correct":true,"count":"496,402"
Answers: "Guacamole","correct":false,"count":"10,888"}]
Answers: "Stingray","correct":false,"count":"25,378"
Answers: "Squid","correct":true,"count":"443,160"
Answers: "Shark","correct":false,"count":"21,406"}]
Answers: "Port","correct":true,"count":"253,450"
Answers: "Aft","correct":false,"count":"54,083"
Answers: "Starboard","correct":false,"count":"123,233"}]
Answers: "Con Air","correct":true,"count":"83,543"
Answers: "Armageddon","correct":false,"count":"65,187"
Answers: "The Rock","correct":false,"count":"105,318"}]
Answers: "Justice","correct":false,"count":"16,978"
Answers: "Honor","correct":false,"count":"20,935"
Answers: "Truth","correct":true,"count":"49,411"}]
Answers: "Diane Sawyer","correct":false,"count":"17,470"
Answers: "Oprah Winfrey","correct":false,"count":"2,682"
Answers: "Barbara Walters","correct":true,"count":"30,190"}]
Answers: "Grand Canyon","correct":false,"count":"5,006"
Answers: "NYC buildings","correct":true,"count":"8,997"
Answers: "Rocky Mountains","correct":false,"count":"16,566"}]
Answers: "Judi Dench","correct":false,"count":"3,941"
Answers: "Helen Mirren","correct":true,"count":"4,284"
Answers: "Cate Blanchett","correct":false,"count":"1,742"}]
Answers: "Australia","correct":false,"count":"1,468"
Answers: "Russia","correct":false,"count":"668"
Answers: "Canada","correct":true,"count":"2,383"}]
Answers: "The Da Vinci Code","correct":true,"count":"467"
Answers: "The Firm","correct":false,"count":"761"
Answers: "Gone Girl","correct":false,"count":"1,219"}]
Answers: "Soda","correct":true,"count":"801,939"
Answers: "Yoda","correct":false,"count":"2,759"
Answers: "Hoda Kotb","correct":false,"count":"1,429"}]
Answers: "Dhress","correct":false,"count":"38,963"
Answers: "Pahnts","correct":false,"count":"45,679"
Answers: "Whig","correct":true,"count":"704,520"}]
Answers: "Midwife","correct":true,"count":"686,330"
Answers: "Fullwife","correct":false,"count":"8,655"
Answers: "Halfwife","correct":false,"count":"6,859"}]
Answers: "Assists","correct":false,"count":"11,327"
Answers: "Free throws","correct":true,"count":"658,953"
Answers: "A walk","correct":false,"count":"11,689"}]
Answers: "Payola","correct":true,"count":"216,234"
Answers: "Beat bribe","correct":false,"count":"230,740"
Answers: "Money music","correct":false,"count":"161,034"}]
Answers: "Rottweiler","correct":false,"count":"3,945"
Answers: "Labrador Retriever","correct":true,"count":"200,635"
Answers: "Border Collie","correct":false,"count":"22,067"}]
Answers: "Against the current","correct":false,"count":"9,890"
Answers: "Toward the shore","correct":false,"count":"5,807"
Answers: "Parallel to the shore","correct":true,"count":"182,269"}]
Answers: "Lizzie McGuire","correct":false,"count":"93,557"
Answers: "Powerpuff Girls","correct":false,"count":"25,828"
Answers: "Zoey 101","correct":true,"count":"60,568"}]
Answers: "Joule","correct":true,"count":"43,031"
Answers: "Volt","correct":false,"count":"13,722"
Answers: "Ampere","correct":false,"count":"7,948"}]
Answers: "C.R.E.A.M.","correct":false,"count":"8,384"
Answers: "Gin and Juice","correct":false,"count":"21,912"
Answers: "Juicy","correct":true,"count":"13,234"}]
Answers: "Facebook chat","correct":false,"count":"738"
Answers: "News feed","correct":true,"count":"1,993"
Answers: "Like button","correct":false,"count":"1,337"}]
Answers: "Vinyl","correct":true,"count":"546,624"
Answers: "Cash money","correct":false,"count":"6,518"
Answers: "Long pauses","correct":false,"count":"4,112"}]
Answers: "Blue Man Group","correct":false,"count":"5,273"
Answers: "Blue jay","correct":true,"count":"526,394"
Answers: "Blu Cantrell","correct":false,"count":"9,408"}]
Answers: "Big Bang","correct":true,"count":"519,572"
Answers: "Tupac lives","correct":false,"count":"1,701"
Answers: "Lizard people","correct":false,"count":"879"}]
Answers: "Chicken","correct":false,"count":"25,685"
Answers: "Cow","correct":true,"count":"438,240"
Answers: "Duck","correct":false,"count":"44,045"}]
Answers: "Barometer","correct":false,"count":"46,261"
Answers: "Seismometer","correct":true,"count":"378,861"
Answers: "Odometer","correct":false,"count":"10,853"}]
Answers: "Petrified","correct":true,"count":"293,997"
Answers: "Mortified","correct":false,"count":"54,352"
Answers: "Terrified","correct":false,"count":"26,647"}]
Answers: "Chicago","correct":false,"count":"147,602"
Answers: "Detroit","correct":true,"count":"90,285"
Answers: "New York","correct":false,"count":"48,398"}]
Answers: "Michael Kors","correct":false,"count":"24,535"
Answers: "Carolina Herrera","correct":false,"count":"21,698"
Answers: "Vera Wang","correct":true,"count":"50,669"}]
Answers: "Honduras","correct":true,"count":"36,103"
Answers: "Mexico","correct":false,"count":"2,328"
Answers: "Guatemala","correct":false,"count":"13,520"}]
Answers: "Presidential dollar","correct":false,"count":"7,423"
Answers: "Half dollar","correct":true,"count":"22,700"
Answers: "Native American dollar","correct":false,"count":"6,068"}]
Answers: "Woodward / Newman","correct":false,"count":"5,113"
Answers: "Leigh / Olivier","correct":false,"count":"6,359"
Answers: "Douglas / Zeta-Jones","correct":true,"count":"10,064"}]
Answers: "Nebraska","correct":true,"count":"3,174"
Answers: "Utah","correct":false,"count":"3,341"
Answers: "Vermont","correct":false,"count":"4,180"}]
Answers: "Traffic jam","correct":false,"count":"3,242"
Answers: "Being asked to work late","correct":false,"count":"2,562"
Answers: "212° Fahrenheit","correct":true,"count":"785,953"}]
Answers: "Puffy berets","correct":false,"count":"4,792"
Answers: "Peanut butter","correct":true,"count":"772,845"
Answers: "Party boats","correct":false,"count":"2,291"}]
Answers: "Chamillionaire","correct":false,"count":"39,534"
Answers: "Pusha T","correct":false,"count":"14,178"
Answers: "Charlemagne","correct":true,"count":"713,152"}]
Answers: "Victor Fleming","correct":false,"count":"103,965"
Answers: "Frank Capra","correct":false,"count":"140,074"
Answers: "Orson Welles","correct":true,"count":"456,203"}]
Answers: "South Dakota","correct":false,"count":"81,520"
Answers: "Wyoming","correct":true,"count":"227,253"
Answers: "Colorado","correct":false,"count":"129,174"}]
Answers: "Millihelen","correct":true,"count":"123,804"
Answers: "Kilobabe","correct":false,"count":"42,831"
Answers: "Megawow","correct":false,"count":"41,601"}]
Answers: "Elated","correct":false,"count":"28,572"
Answers: "Inquisitive","correct":true,"count":"64,890"
Answers: "Like a salesman","correct":false,"count":"31,310"}]
Answers: "Doonesbury","correct":false,"count":"19,557"
Answers: "Bloom County","correct":true,"count":"15,177"
Answers: "The Far Side","correct":false,"count":"30,737"}]
Answers: "Ginsu knives","correct":true,"count":"6,975"
Answers: "Pocket Fisherman","correct":false,"count":"2,617"
Answers: "Mr. Microphone","correct":false,"count":"7,001"}]
Answers: "Powers of seven","correct":true,"count":"4,165"
Answers: "Addition","correct":false,"count":"1,661"
Answers: "Integrals","correct":false,"count":"1,425"}]
Answers: "Pakistan","correct":false,"count":"2,305"
Answers: "Mexico","correct":true,"count":"730"
Answers: "Sri Lanka","correct":false,"count":"1,285"}]
Answers: "Sid Meier","correct":false,"count":"156"
Answers: "Will Wright","correct":true,"count":"330"
Answers: "Shigeru Miyamoto","correct":false,"count":"700"}]
Answers: "Grandma","correct":true,"count":"556,017"
Answers: "Left Shark","correct":false,"count":"3,766"
Answers: "Dat boi","correct":false,"count":"2,158"}]
Answers: "Despastreeto","correct":false,"count":"7,869"
Answers: "Route 66","correct":true,"count":"521,068"
Answers: "Abbey Roadhouse","correct":false,"count":"17,005"}]
Answers: "Settlers of Catan","correct":false,"count":"123,087"
Answers: "Gin rummy","correct":true,"count":"369,264"
Answers: "Monopoly","correct":false,"count":"21,297"}]
Answers: "Tuna","correct":false,"count":"45,015"
Answers: "Salmon","correct":true,"count":"267,381"
Answers: "Mahi mahi","correct":false,"count":"55,043"}]
Answers: "Fitted sheet","correct":false,"count":"45,357"
Answers: "Duvet","correct":false,"count":"42,755"
Answers: "Top sheet","correct":true,"count":"173,032"}]
Answers: "Sweden","correct":true,"count":"157,441"
Answers: "Switzerland","correct":false,"count":"13,683"
Answers: "Suriname","correct":false,"count":"3,059"}]
Answers: "Caddie","correct":true,"count":"116,577"
Answers: "Par","correct":false,"count":"23,062"
Answers: "Bogey","correct":false,"count":"16,355"}]
Answers: "Soda bottling plant","correct":false,"count":"6,510"
Answers: "Nail salon","correct":false,"count":"1,628"
Answers: "Dentist’s office","correct":true,"count":"108,704"}]
Answers: "Raiders of the Lost Ark","correct":false,"count":"24,442"
Answers: "The Last Crusade","correct":true,"count":"56,816"
Answers: "Temple of Doom","correct":false,"count":"24,020"}]
Answers: "Richard Nixon","correct":true,"count":"4,832"
Answers: "Jimmy Carter","correct":false,"count":"19,965"
Answers: "Bill Clinton","correct":false,"count":"32,703"}]
Answers: "Cambodia","correct":true,"count":"1,589"
Answers: "Laos","correct":false,"count":"2,486"
Answers: "Thailand","correct":false,"count":"2,310"}]
Answers: "Dell","correct":false,"count":"635"
Answers: "HP","correct":false,"count":"709"
Answers: "Apple","correct":true,"count":"464"}]
Answers: "Basketball","correct":true,"count":"1,654,248"
Answers: "Bog snorkeling","correct":false,"count":"4,906"
Answers: "Ferret legging","correct":false,"count":"3,487"}]
Answers: "K / D","correct":false,"count":"48,633"
Answers: "E / F","correct":true,"count":"1,524,872"
Answers: "W / L","correct":false,"count":"45,207"}]
Answers: "X-rays","correct":false,"count":"8,596"
Answers: "Microwaves","correct":true,"count":"1,304,291"
Answers: "Gamma rays","correct":false,"count":"33,264"}]
Answers: "Trumpet","correct":true,"count":"661,630"
Answers: "Electric violin","correct":false,"count":"452,867"
Answers: "Triangle","correct":false,"count":"168,400"}]
Answers: "Lakers","correct":true,"count":"385,026"
Answers: "Warriors","correct":false,"count":"197,456"
Answers: "Cavaliers","correct":false,"count":"104,631"}]
Answers: "Eating carrots","correct":true,"count":"235,329"
Answers: "Polarized goggles","correct":false,"count":"128,807"
Answers: "Krypton lamps","correct":false,"count":"29,898"}]
Answers: "The Wild Rumpus","correct":true,"count":"177,953"
Answers: "The Big Hoo-raw","correct":false,"count":"24,440"
Answers: "The Clomp and Stomp","correct":false,"count":"36,873"}]
Answers: "Canada","correct":true,"count":"36,456"
Answers: "United Kingdom","correct":false,"count":"39,052"
Answers: "Australia","correct":false,"count":"105,398"}]
Answers: "Wayne’s World","correct":false,"count":"8,840"
Answers: "The Blues Brothers","correct":false,"count":"17,358"
Answers: "Back to the Future","correct":true,"count":"20,042"}]
Answers: "New York","correct":true,"count":"9,458"
Answers: "Pennsylvania","correct":false,"count":"8,527"
Answers: "Virginia","correct":false,"count":"4,209"}]
Answers: "Moses Malone","correct":false,"count":"1,944"
Answers: "Julius Erving","correct":false,"count":"3,430"
Answers: "Bill Walton","correct":true,"count":"4,667"}]
Answers: "Poutine","correct":false,"count":"2,254"
Answers: "Rubber","correct":true,"count":"135,027"
Answers: "Coal","correct":false,"count":"841"}]
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"954"
Answers: "Tennis","correct":true,"count":"131,301"
Answers: "Golf","correct":false,"count":"2,003"}]
Answers: "NBA","correct":false,"count":"31,184"
Answers: "NFL","correct":false,"count":"7,270"
Answers: "MLB","correct":true,"count":"84,032"}]
Answers: "Allow 12 runs in a game","correct":false,"count":"11,052"
Answers: "Hit for the cycle","correct":false,"count":"13,386"
Answers: "Throw 105 mph","correct":true,"count":"53,408"}]
Answers: "Miles","correct":true,"count":"31,904"
Answers: "Laps","correct":false,"count":"19,818"
Answers: "Turns","correct":false,"count":"2,034"}]
Answers: "Dwight Howard","correct":false,"count":"14,953"
Answers: "Ben Simmons","correct":true,"count":"10,181"
Answers: "Lonzo Ball","correct":false,"count":"6,782"}]
Answers: "Abby Wambach","correct":false,"count":"1,607"
Answers: "Mia Hamm","correct":false,"count":"1,512"
Answers: "Brandi Chastain","correct":true,"count":"7,817"}]
Answers: "Pistons","correct":false,"count":"1,177"
Answers: "Knicks","correct":false,"count":"3,454"
Answers: "Magic","correct":true,"count":"3,115"}]
Answers: "Liverpool","correct":false,"count":"1,235"
Answers: "Manchester United","correct":false,"count":"673"
Answers: "Bayern Munich","correct":true,"count":"1,593"}]
Answers: "Pink Peonies","correct":false,"count":"251"
Answers: "White Carnations","correct":false,"count":"542"
Answers: "Black-Eyed Susans","correct":true,"count":"1,116"}]
Answers: "Lyndon B. Johnson","correct":true,"count":"844"
Answers: "Gerald Ford","correct":false,"count":"182"
Answers: "Ronald Reagan","correct":false,"count":"121"}]
Answers: "Magic Johnson","correct":true,"count":"126"
Answers: "Michael Jordan","correct":false,"count":"201"
Answers: "Sam Jones","correct":false,"count":"513"}]
Answers: "Spleen","correct":false,"count":"5,663"
Answers: "Pinkie toe","correct":false,"count":"7,646"
Answers: "Heart","correct":true,"count":"590,250"}]
Answers: "Shoulder crabs","correct":false,"count":"3,160"
Answers: "Folder tabs","correct":true,"count":"570,133"
Answers: "Boulder slabs","correct":false,"count":"3,177"}]
Answers: "Thank-you cards","correct":false,"count":"1,714"
Answers: "Rice","correct":false,"count":"9,685"
Answers: "Flowers","correct":true,"count":"552,455"}]
Answers: "Nobels","correct":false,"count":"23,599"
Answers: "Oscars","correct":false,"count":"46,574"
Answers: "Grammys","correct":true,"count":"476,834"}]
Answers: "Butterscotch / rum","correct":false,"count":"66,839"
Answers: "Nuts / sugar","correct":true,"count":"318,268"
Answers: "Caramel / honey","correct":false,"count":"82,855"}]
Answers: "Dropped third strike","correct":false,"count":"83,718"
Answers: "Hit by pitch","correct":false,"count":"18,419"
Answers: "Stealing","correct":true,"count":"210,560"}]
Answers: "Major Havoc","correct":false,"count":"41,525"
Answers: "Pengo","correct":false,"count":"60,048"
Answers: "Dig Dug","correct":true,"count":"106,611"}]
Answers: "Hannibal’s Caravan","correct":false,"count":"29,283"
Answers: "Rental Deceptionist","correct":true,"count":"51,579"
Answers: "Elevated Thresher","correct":false,"count":"22,432"}]
Answers: "As I Lay Dying","correct":false,"count":"14,679"
Answers: "Tender Is the Night","correct":true,"count":"23,267"
Answers: "Three Nights in August","correct":false,"count":"14,380"}]
Answers: "How Deep Is Your Love","correct":false,"count":"5,683"
Answers: "Boogie Shoes","correct":false,"count":"6,687"
Answers: "Love to Love You Baby","correct":true,"count":"11,064"}]
Answers: "Iraq","correct":false,"count":"3,637"
Answers: "Thailand","correct":false,"count":"2,732"
Answers: "United Arab Emirates","correct":true,"count":"4,960"}]
Answers: "The Matrix","correct":true,"count":"1,919"
Answers: "Lord of the Rings","correct":false,"count":"2,106"
Answers: "Jurassic Park","correct":false,"count":"1,146"}]
Answers: "Sack of potatoes","correct":false,"count":"12,644"
Answers: "Box of chocolates","correct":true,"count":"583,331"
Answers: "Bucket of sand","correct":false,"count":"3,574"}]
Answers: "Haiku","correct":false,"count":"102,464"
Answers: "Free verse","correct":false,"count":"38,134"
Answers: "Limerick","correct":true,"count":"437,082"}]
Answers: "Hardware","correct":false,"count":"64,276"
Answers: "Toy","correct":true,"count":"301,942"
Answers: "Jewelry","correct":false,"count":"68,988"}]
Answers: "Patrick Stewart","correct":false,"count":"97,368"
Answers: "Sean Connery","correct":true,"count":"135,898"
Answers: "Michael Caine","correct":false,"count":"64,589"}]
Answers: "What music they make!","correct":true,"count":"48,479"
Answers: "Heed their warning!","correct":false,"count":"35,034"
Answers: "Lying awake in fright!","correct":false,"count":"41,489"}]
Answers: "Mr. Rogers","correct":false,"count":"6,246"
Answers: "Mr. Bean","correct":false,"count":"9,261"
Answers: "Mr. Belvedere","correct":true,"count":"34,803"}]
Answers: "Sumo wrestlers","correct":true,"count":"8,859"
Answers: "Nuns","correct":false,"count":"22,235"
Answers: "Postal workers","correct":false,"count":"3,741"}]
Answers: "Missouri","correct":false,"count":"1,922"
Answers: "Tennessee","correct":false,"count":"1,120"
Answers: "West Virginia","correct":true,"count":"6,325"}]
Answers: "Uncle Jumbo","correct":true,"count":"2,919"
Answers: "Buffalo Bill","correct":false,"count":"950"
Answers: "Gentleman Boss","correct":false,"count":"2,389"}]
Answers: "ALF","correct":false,"count":"1,330"
Answers: "The Oprah Winfrey Show","correct":true,"count":"1,304"
Answers: "Joe Millionaire","correct":false,"count":"659"}]
Answers: "Cone","correct":true,"count":"637,115"
Answers: "Tetrahedron","correct":false,"count":"2,219"
Answers: "Pentagram","correct":false,"count":"1,108"}]
Answers: "Glass slippers","correct":true,"count":"597,409"
Answers: "Grass clippers","correct":false,"count":"3,684"
Answers: "Vestigial flippers","correct":false,"count":"972"}]
Answers: "Jupiter","correct":false,"count":"62,912"
Answers: "Mercury","correct":true,"count":"475,984"
Answers: "Saturn","correct":false,"count":"46,474"}]
Answers: "Black","correct":false,"count":"38,649"
Answers: "Red","correct":true,"count":"417,291"
Answers: "Silver","correct":false,"count":"18,685"}]
Answers: "Antiseptics","correct":false,"count":"134,452"
Answers: "Marine chronometer","correct":false,"count":"7,134"
Answers: "Microscope","correct":true,"count":"264,896"}]
Answers: "Width of NFL field","correct":true,"count":"181,026"
Answers: "Home plate to first base","correct":false,"count":"17,076"
Answers: "Length of NBA court","correct":false,"count":"50,476"}]
Answers: "Time Bandits","correct":false,"count":"29,903"
Answers: "Pan’s Labyrinth","correct":true,"count":"91,676"
Answers: "12 Monkeys","correct":false,"count":"61,293"}]
Answers: "Swedish candy brand","correct":false,"count":"15,894"
Answers: "Chord progression","correct":false,"count":"21,725"
Answers: "Members’ initials","correct":true,"count":"55,971"}]
Answers: "Quiche Provençale","correct":false,"count":"16,844"
Answers: "Quiche Lorraine","correct":true,"count":"23,059"
Answers: "Quiche aux champignons","correct":false,"count":"15,301"}]
Answers: "Uruguay","correct":false,"count":"7,613"
Answers: "Denmark","correct":true,"count":"9,691"
Answers: "Libya","correct":false,"count":"6,584"}]
Answers: "QUIXOTRY","correct":true,"count":"5,942"
Answers: "SYZYGY","correct":false,"count":"2,341"
Answers: "ZANJURO","correct":false,"count":"1,643"}]
Answers: "IBM’s first CEO","correct":true,"count":"2,330"
Answers: "Literary sidekick","correct":false,"count":"1,872"
Answers: "Genetic researcher","correct":false,"count":"1,812"}]
Answers: "It’s a very nice!","correct":false,"count":"3,903"
Answers: "Bless you!","correct":true,"count":"1,602,868"
Answers: "Wawa weewa!","correct":false,"count":"2,016"}]
Answers: "Disco ball","correct":true,"count":"1,585,179"
Answers: "Reggaeton orb","correct":false,"count":"4,844"
Answers: "Hip-hop globule","correct":false,"count":"3,021"}]
Answers: "Snore","correct":false,"count":"169,928"
Answers: "Lie","correct":true,"count":"1,360,508"
Answers: "Sleepwalk","correct":false,"count":"40,610"}]
Answers: "Salute the Queen","correct":false,"count":"72,869"
Answers: "Play Toon Blast","correct":false,"count":"2,707"
Answers: "Carry On","correct":true,"count":"1,280,310"}]
Answers: "Free throw circle","correct":true,"count":"977,492"
Answers: "Center of the court","correct":false,"count":"130,945"
Answers: "On the backboard","correct":false,"count":"149,552"}]
Answers: "Curds","correct":false,"count":"176,975"
Answers: "Porridge","correct":false,"count":"483,568"
Answers: "Mush","correct":true,"count":"323,425"}]
Answers: "Jack Nicholson","correct":false,"count":"121,840"
Answers: "Benicio Del Toro","correct":false,"count":"72,690"
Answers: "Clive Owen","correct":true,"count":"158,472"}]
Answers: "Rubber ducking","correct":true,"count":"41,548"
Answers: "Nest clearing","correct":false,"count":"116,241"
Answers: "Egg rolling","correct":false,"count":"11,121"}]
Answers: "Rotational","correct":true,"count":"14,774"
Answers: "Bilateral","correct":false,"count":"27,243"
Answers: "Reflection","correct":false,"count":"6,649"}]
Answers: "Dutch South India","correct":false,"count":"3,244"
Answers: "Atlantica","correct":false,"count":"1,292"
Answers: "New Holland","correct":true,"count":"12,212"}]
Answers: "Poem","correct":true,"count":"9,786"
Answers: "Childhood photo","correct":false,"count":"1,607"
Answers: "Magazine interview","correct":false,"count":"1,011"}]
Answers: "Virtual Insanity","correct":false,"count":"1,259"
Answers: "Angels","correct":false,"count":"2,553"
Answers: "You’re Beautiful","correct":true,"count":"5,949"}]
Answers: "Vinegar","correct":false,"count":"6,873"
Answers: "Deli mustard","correct":false,"count":"2,388"
Answers: "Milk","correct":true,"count":"537,684"}]
Answers: "Dragon","correct":true,"count":"532,981"
Answers: "Unicorn","correct":false,"count":"1,062"
Answers: "Jackalope","correct":false,"count":"345"}]
Answers: "Pancit noodle","correct":false,"count":"17,307"
Answers: "Almond strudel","correct":false,"count":"19,154"
Answers: "Caboodle","correct":true,"count":"483,220"}]
Answers: "Lacrosse","correct":true,"count":"357,934"
Answers: "Rugby","correct":false,"count":"59,594"
Answers: "American football","correct":false,"count":"60,161"}]
Answers: "Space Invaders","correct":false,"count":"45,617"
Answers: "Donkey Kong","correct":false,"count":"32,323"
Answers: "The Oregon Trail","correct":true,"count":"279,463"}]
Answers: "Applause","correct":false,"count":"76,139"
Answers: "Clarinets","correct":false,"count":"13,699"
Answers: "Fudge","correct":true,"count":"185,773"}]
Answers: "Charlie bit my finger!","correct":false,"count":"67,168"
Answers: "Leave Britney alone!","correct":true,"count":"96,116"}]
Answers: "He was a different color","correct":true,"count":"55,701"
Answers: "He was nice","correct":false,"count":"7,688"
Answers: "He was outside his can","correct":false,"count":"35,869"}]
Answers: "Cuba","correct":false,"count":"13,917"
Answers: "Dominican Republic","correct":false,"count":"24,867"
Answers: "Jamaica","correct":true,"count":"19,057"}]
Answers: "Adding its digits","correct":true,"count":"14,702"
Answers: "Adding three to it","correct":false,"count":"3,311"
Answers: "Reversing its digits","correct":false,"count":"3,834"}]
Answers: "France","correct":true,"count":"6,583"
Answers: "Poland","correct":false,"count":"6,464"
Answers: "Russia","correct":false,"count":"2,002"}]
Answers: "Bob Woodward","correct":false,"count":"1,233"
Answers: "Geraldo Rivera","correct":true,"count":"3,344"
Answers: "Hunter S. Thompson","correct":false,"count":"1,881"}]
Answers: "Melon","correct":true,"count":"866,913"
Answers: "Corn muffins","correct":false,"count":"5,375"
Answers: "Seltzer water","correct":false,"count":"3,671"}]
Answers: "Pokémon","correct":true,"count":"849,080"
Answers: "Pocky Men","correct":false,"count":"6,678"
Answers: "Pooky Moon","correct":false,"count":"1,925"}]
Answers: "Crazy Eights","correct":true,"count":"836,186"
Answers: "Stern Sevens","correct":false,"count":"4,836"
Answers: "Tender Tens","correct":false,"count":"3,715"}]
Answers: "Stork point","correct":false,"count":"7,519"
Answers: "Phillips head","correct":true,"count":"814,321"
Answers: "Claw hammer","correct":false,"count":"6,432"}]
Answers: "Ring Daddy","correct":false,"count":"64,039"
Answers: "Trapper Keeper","correct":true,"count":"582,172"
Answers: "Mr. Pockets","correct":false,"count":"153,373"}]
Answers: "Notaries public","correct":false,"count":"160,330"
Answers: "Attorneys General","correct":false,"count":"174,830"
Answers: "Mother-in-laws","correct":true,"count":"243,217"}]
Answers: "E-book","correct":false,"count":"8,354"
Answers: "Audiobook","correct":false,"count":"23,352"
Answers: "Library","correct":true,"count":"236,282"}]
Answers: "Automatic for the People","correct":true,"count":"108,607"
Answers: "OK Computer","correct":false,"count":"57,375"
Answers: "Superunknown","correct":false,"count":"64,474"}]
Answers: "Full House","correct":true,"count":"52,475"
Answers: "Growing Pains","correct":false,"count":"37,213"
Answers: "Step by Step","correct":false,"count":"25,449"}]
Answers: "Toblerone","correct":false,"count":"11,153"
Answers: "Snickers","correct":true,"count":"18,655"
Answers: "Dentyne","correct":false,"count":"26,510"}]
Answers: "Orlando","correct":false,"count":"2,243"
Answers: "Dubai","correct":false,"count":"11,147"
Answers: "Pyongyang","correct":true,"count":"8,764"}]
Answers: "Persistence of Memory","correct":true,"count":"3,030"
Answers: "Man in a Bowler Hat","correct":false,"count":"3,313"
Answers: "Campbell’s Soup Cans","correct":false,"count":"3,552"}]
Answers: "Secret agent","correct":false,"count":"6,533"
Answers: "Talent agent","correct":false,"count":"2,932"
Answers: "Real estate agent","correct":true,"count":"543,772"}]
Answers: "Subway","correct":true,"count":"533,637"
Answers: "Monorail","correct":false,"count":"4,238"
Answers: "Blimp","correct":false,"count":"524"}]
Answers: "You’re hungry","correct":false,"count":"8,282"
Answers: "You’re sorry","correct":true,"count":"438,895"
Answers: "I love you","correct":false,"count":"75,666"}]
Answers: "Brussels sprout","correct":false,"count":"46,729"
Answers: "Sweet potato","correct":true,"count":"369,212"
Answers: "Cucumber","correct":false,"count":"17,720"}]
Answers: "Madam Secretary","correct":true,"count":"299,574"
Answers: "Spin City","correct":false,"count":"31,900"
Answers: "Murphy Brown","correct":false,"count":"23,404"}]
Answers: "Daffy Duck","correct":false,"count":"51,383"
Answers: "Elmer Fudd","correct":true,"count":"157,338"
Answers: "Tasmanian Devil","correct":false,"count":"87,204"}]
Answers: "Distress for the future","correct":false,"count":"39,812"
Answers: "Joy at misfortune","correct":true,"count":"88,965"
Answers: "Anger at good luck","correct":false,"count":"25,506"}]
Answers: "Velvet worm","correct":false,"count":"9,531"
Answers: "Sea cucumber","correct":false,"count":"6,393"
Answers: "Horned lizard","correct":true,"count":"75,069"}]
Answers: "Motor City","correct":false,"count":"46,814"
Answers: "Rip City","correct":false,"count":"7,417"
Answers: "Emerald City","correct":true,"count":"19,618"}]
Answers: "Bob Ross","correct":true,"count":"12,777"
Answers: "Fred Rogers","correct":false,"count":"8,645"
Answers: "Julia Child","correct":false,"count":"1,017"}]
Answers: "Glacier Bay","correct":false,"count":"1,855"
Answers: "Atlantic Ocean","correct":false,"count":"1,751"
Answers: "Lake Superior","correct":true,"count":"9,427"}]
Answers: "Illinois","correct":true,"count":"4,784"
Answers: "Connecticut","correct":false,"count":"1,277"
Answers: "Georgia","correct":false,"count":"3,434"}]
Answers: "Patatoes","correct":false,"count":"4,818"
Answers: "Carats","correct":true,"count":"1,507,527"
Answers: "Kabbages","correct":false,"count":"5,347"}]
Answers: "North and south poles","correct":true,"count":"1,424,656"
Answers: "East and west sectors","correct":false,"count":"36,368"
Answers: "Up and down zones","correct":false,"count":"24,160"}]
Answers: "Middle of the triangle","correct":true,"count":"1,147,687"
Answers: "Tip of the triangle","correct":false,"count":"176,169"
Answers: "Outside the triangle","correct":false,"count":"71,449"}]
Answers: "Vinegar","correct":false,"count":"229,376"
Answers: "Noodle","correct":true,"count":"163,537"
Answers: "Waffle","correct":false,"count":"763,407"}]
Answers: "Energy","correct":true,"count":"71,382"
Answers: "Amplification","correct":false,"count":"104,521"
Answers: "Radiation","correct":false,"count":"79,984"}]
Answers: "Frank Sinatra","correct":false,"count":"26,181"
Answers: "Grace Kelly","correct":false,"count":"13,922"
Answers: "Andy Warhol","correct":true,"count":"43,843"}]
Answers: "Tom Ford","correct":false,"count":"11,459"
Answers: "Stella McCartney","correct":true,"count":"16,556"
Answers: "Dolce & Gabbana","correct":false,"count":"17,806"}]
Answers: "The Scream","correct":false,"count":"5,544"
Answers: "Starry Night","correct":true,"count":"8,363"
Answers: "Mona Lisa","correct":false,"count":"4,405"}]
Answers: "Run","correct":true,"count":"1,748,277"
Answers: "Dance","correct":false,"count":"7,229"
Answers: "Jump","correct":false,"count":"8,103"}]
Answers: "Contact lens","correct":false,"count":"2,150"
Answers: "Wig","correct":false,"count":"3,247"
Answers: "Shoe","correct":true,"count":"1,732,811"}]
Answers: "Ramen","correct":false,"count":"2,622"
Answers: "Rocket","correct":true,"count":"1,715,246"
Answers: "Flubber","correct":false,"count":"4,651"}]
Answers: "Granny style","correct":true,"count":"1,494,905"
Answers: "Slam dunk","correct":false,"count":"89,864"
Answers: "Three-pointer","correct":false,"count":"114,679"}]
Answers: "East Germany","correct":true,"count":"1,443,750"
Answers: "East New York","correct":false,"count":"27,917"
Answers: "East Canada","correct":false,"count":"26,108"}]
Answers: "Harvard comma","correct":true,"count":"397,113"
Answers: "Cambridge comma","correct":false,"count":"946,318"
Answers: "Appalachian State comma","correct":false,"count":"76,252"}]
Answers: "France","correct":true,"count":"99,137"
Answers: "Brazil","correct":false,"count":"340,317"
Answers: "Chicago","correct":false,"count":"32,192"}]
Answers: "Jabroni","correct":false,"count":"24,353"
Answers: "King","correct":false,"count":"43,480"
Answers: "Schnook","correct":true,"count":"54,145"}]
Answers: "Seattle SuperSonics","correct":true,"count":"28,752"
Answers: "New Orleans Jazz","correct":false,"count":"20,682"
Answers: "Chicago Stags","correct":false,"count":"8,807"}]
Answers: "For Sentimental Reasons","correct":true,"count":"6,643"
Answers: "You Send Me","correct":false,"count":"11,116"
Answers: "Twistin’ The Night Away","correct":false,"count":"13,701"}]
Answers: "Nikola Tesla","correct":false,"count":"3,517"
Answers: "Thomas Edison","correct":false,"count":"1,624"
Answers: "Elisha Gray","correct":true,"count":"5,019"}]
Answers: "Snail bear","correct":false,"count":"557"
Answers: "Snake bear","correct":false,"count":"512"
Answers: "Sloth bear","correct":true,"count":"4,313"}]
Answers: "Powerball","correct":false,"count":"368"
Answers: "Golf","correct":true,"count":"128,150"
Answers: "Bull riding","correct":false,"count":"176"}]
Answers: "Stanley","correct":true,"count":"126,135"
Answers: "Darryl","correct":false,"count":"552"
Answers: "Rusty","correct":false,"count":"529"}]
Answers: "Bill Belichick","correct":false,"count":"4,531"
Answers: "Jon Gruden","correct":false,"count":"3,024"
Answers: "John Madden","correct":true,"count":"115,974"}]
Answers: "Fair","correct":true,"count":"73,868"
Answers: "Do-over","correct":false,"count":"3,856"
Answers: "Foul","correct":false,"count":"35,175"}]
Answers: "Delaware governor","correct":true,"count":"45,847"
Answers: "Casino owner","correct":false,"count":"8,793"
Answers: "Retired jockey","correct":false,"count":"13,960"}]
Answers: "Golf","correct":true,"count":"26,486"
Answers: "Auto racing","correct":false,"count":"10,888"
Answers: "Bowling","correct":false,"count":"8,695"}]
Answers: "Jamaica","correct":true,"count":"19,924"
Answers: "Trinidad & Tobago","correct":false,"count":"4,664"
Answers: "USA","correct":false,"count":"1,395"}]
Answers: "Ted Williams","correct":false,"count":"6,104"
Answers: "Barry Bonds","correct":false,"count":"8,863"
Answers: "Babe Ruth","correct":true,"count":"4,970"}]
Answers: "NFL","correct":false,"count":"555"
Answers: "NBA","correct":true,"count":"4,241"
Answers: "MLB","correct":false,"count":"607"}]
Answers: "Reggie Jackson","correct":false,"count":"2,024"
Answers: "Dave Kingman","correct":false,"count":"801"
Answers: "Sammy Sosa","correct":true,"count":"1,366"}]
Answers: "Josh McCown","correct":false,"count":"296"
Answers: "Johnny Manziel","correct":false,"count":"1,191"
Answers: "Robert Griffin III","correct":true,"count":"345"}]
Answers: "2015-16 Cavaliers","correct":false,"count":"289"
Answers: "2010-11 Mavericks","correct":false,"count":"162"
Answers: "2003-04 Pistons","correct":true,"count":"99"}]
Answers: "Spoons","correct":false,"count":"6,167"
Answers: "Bowls","correct":true,"count":"536,622"
Answers: "Napkin rings","correct":false,"count":"3,480"}]
Answers: "Harry Potter","correct":true,"count":"525,943"
Answers: "Scary Otter","correct":false,"count":"2,429"
Answers: "Welcome Back, Kotter","correct":false,"count":"2,694"}]
Answers: "Smiling","correct":true,"count":"336,212"
Answers: "Sticking its tounge out","correct":false,"count":"93,169"
Answers: "Frowning","correct":false,"count":"38,515"}]
Answers: "Vitamin C","correct":true,"count":"329,487"
Answers: "Garlic","correct":false,"count":"2,029"
Answers: "Ginseng","correct":false,"count":"4,960"}]
Answers: "Summer vacation","correct":false,"count":"3,884"
Answers: "After Labor Day","correct":true,"count":"305,347"
Answers: "Before July 4th","correct":false,"count":"13,784"}]
Answers: "Editing","correct":true,"count":"254,498"
Answers: "Pre-production","correct":false,"count":"24,484"
Answers: "Shooting","correct":false,"count":"18,026"}]
Answers: "Ranch dressing","correct":false,"count":"79,839"
Answers: "Red-eye gravy","correct":false,"count":"48,707"
Answers: "Fra diavolo","correct":true,"count":"118,391"}]
Answers: "Mosgonian","correct":false,"count":"29,010"
Answers: "Maswegian","correct":false,"count":"8,624"
Answers: "Muscovite","correct":true,"count":"81,967"}]
Answers: "Word Worm","correct":false,"count":"10,706"
Answers: "Drawing Dog","correct":true,"count":"52,075"
Answers: "Creative Cat","correct":false,"count":"18,906"}]
Answers: "Pig","correct":true,"count":"15,070"
Answers: "Rabbit","correct":false,"count":"15,043"
Answers: "Ox","correct":false,"count":"22,104"}]
Answers: "Made of bone","correct":false,"count":"3,002"
Answers: "Older than 10,000 years","correct":true,"count":"11,322"
Answers: "Not related to humans","correct":false,"count":"1,229"}]
Answers: "The Isley Brothers","correct":false,"count":"6,032"
Answers: "Peggy Lee","correct":false,"count":"2,113"
Answers: "The Shirelles","correct":true,"count":"3,303"}]
Answers: "Diesel-powered","correct":false,"count":"8,094"
Answers: "30-foot-tall","correct":false,"count":"7,948"
Answers: "Tabby","correct":true,"count":"774,174"}]
Answers: "Lobe on a dope","correct":false,"count":"13,782"
Answers: "Soap on a rope","correct":true,"count":"741,515"
Answers: "Pope on a slope","correct":false,"count":"7,140"}]
Answers: "Frumpmucker","correct":false,"count":"82,962"
Answers: "Seersucker","correct":true,"count":"554,091"
Answers: "Chuffpucker","correct":false,"count":"86,786"}]
Answers: "Mauritania","correct":false,"count":"15,923"
Answers: "Louisiana","correct":false,"count":"75,161"
Answers: "Georgia","correct":true,"count":"458,655"}]
Answers: "Raising the roof","correct":false,"count":"173,404"
Answers: "Belling the cat","correct":false,"count":"41,185"
Answers: "Gilding the lily","correct":true,"count":"229,667"}]
Answers: "SSPU","correct":false,"count":"9,167"
Answers: "CLRS","correct":false,"count":"5,868"
Answers: "CCCP","correct":true,"count":"55,502"}]
Answers: "SSPU","correct":false,"count":"9,157"
Answers: "OutKast","correct":true,"count":"29,858"
Answers: "Ludacris","correct":false,"count":"17,439"
Answers: "DMX","correct":false,"count":"7,183"}]
Answers: "Will Rogers","correct":false,"count":"7,077"
Answers: "Mark Twain","correct":false,"count":"18,482"
Answers: "Ambrose Bierce","correct":true,"count":"4,361"}]
Answers: "On your high horse","correct":false,"count":"2,017"
Answers: "Tuna fish","correct":true,"count":"2,370"
Answers: "Rain on your wedding day","correct":false,"count":"1,640"}]
Answers: "Screaming","correct":true,"count":"1,343"
Answers: "Nodding","correct":false,"count":"522"
Answers: "Smiling","correct":false,"count":"589"}]
Answers: "The Apartment","correct":false,"count":"584"
Answers: "Rosemary’s Baby","correct":false,"count":"298"
Answers: "The Graduate","correct":true,"count":"453"}]
Answers: "Pad Thai","correct":false,"count":"24,023"
Answers: "Bucket of cookie dough","correct":false,"count":"10,980"
Answers: "Orange slices","correct":true,"count":"1,348,790"}]
Answers: "Crossword solving","correct":false,"count":"3,482"
Answers: "Boxing","correct":true,"count":"1,335,299"
Answers: "HQ Trivia","correct":false,"count":"1,721"}]
Answers: "Beagle","correct":false,"count":"2,892"
Answers: "Hermit crab","correct":true,"count":"1,323,485"
Answers: "Puma","correct":false,"count":"1,730"}]
Answers: "Monster writer","correct":false,"count":"11,593"
Answers: "Ghost writer","correct":true,"count":"1,297,295"
Answers: "Werewolf writer","correct":false,"count":"6,022"}]
Answers: "Ottawa","correct":true,"count":"740,243"
Answers: "Toronto","correct":false,"count":"388,101"
Answers: "Calgary","correct":false,"count":"155,123"}]
Answers: "Magic","correct":true,"count":"737,108"
Answers: "Sorcery","correct":false,"count":"3,911"
Answers: "Wizard","correct":false,"count":"28,680"}]
Answers: "Hercules","correct":false,"count":"358,452"
Answers: "Zeus","correct":false,"count":"109,021"
Answers: "Achilles","correct":true,"count":"239,401"}]
Answers: "Damon","correct":false,"count":"34,731"
Answers: "Mandy","correct":false,"count":"38,311"
Answers: "Jason","correct":true,"count":"195,659"}]
Answers: "Harley-Davidson","correct":true,"count":"77,473"
Answers: "Oscar Mayer","correct":false,"count":"79,753"
Answers: "The Jim Henson Company","correct":false,"count":"39,345"}]
Answers: "MTV VJ","correct":true,"count":"28,469"
Answers: "NASA scientist","correct":false,"count":"33,399"
Answers: "Apple engineer","correct":false,"count":"23,980"}]
Answers: "Kevin Durant","correct":false,"count":"8,619"
Answers: "Steph Curry","correct":false,"count":"11,513"
Answers: "James Harden","correct":true,"count":"14,505"}]
Answers: "Italy","correct":true,"count":"2,478"
Answers: "Ireland","correct":false,"count":"3,372"
Answers: "India","correct":false,"count":"9,801"}]
Answers: "San Diego Californians","correct":false,"count":"3,879"
Answers: "Stockholm Swedish Fish","correct":false,"count":"1,054"
Answers: "Washington Capitals","correct":true,"count":"119,423"}]
Answers: "Rumble","correct":true,"count":"118,425"
Answers: "Snuggle","correct":false,"count":"325"
Answers: "Snitch tag","correct":false,"count":"156"}]
Answers: "Knicks","correct":false,"count":"23,681"
Answers: "76ers","correct":true,"count":"72,821"
Answers: "Warriors","correct":false,"count":"15,062"}]
Answers: "Golf","correct":false,"count":"1,892"
Answers: "Tennis","correct":false,"count":"1,905"
Answers: "Yacht racing","correct":true,"count":"68,984"}]
Answers: "Fred","correct":false,"count":"2,584"
Answers: "Dylan","correct":false,"count":"1,997"
Answers: "George","correct":true,"count":"63,503"}]
Answers: "Ice hockey","correct":true,"count":"56,585"
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"5,041"
Answers: "Baseball","correct":false,"count":"1,429"}]
Answers: "First serve","correct":false,"count":"7,114"
Answers: "Second serve","correct":true,"count":"21,504"
Answers: "Slice serve","correct":false,"count":"26,898"}]
Answers: "Eli Manning","correct":false,"count":"6,538"
Answers: "Aaron Rodgers","correct":false,"count":"2,066"
Answers: "Andrew Luck","correct":true,"count":"13,944"}]
Answers: "Pac-12","correct":true,"count":"8,717"
Answers: "Big Ten","correct":false,"count":"2,536"
Answers: "Big 12","correct":false,"count":"2,245"}]
Answers: "Eli Manning","correct":false,"count":"1,127"
Answers: "Brett Favre","correct":true,"count":"6,190"
Answers: "John Elway","correct":false,"count":"1,768"}]
Answers: "LSU","correct":false,"count":"660"
Answers: "Florida","correct":false,"count":"1,098"
Answers: "Texas","correct":true,"count":"4,481"}]
Answers: "Condor","correct":true,"count":"659"
Answers: "Albatross","correct":false,"count":"3,832"
Answers: "Puffin","correct":false,"count":"129"}]
Answers: "Steam cones","correct":false,"count":"3,714"
Answers: "Ice cubes","correct":true,"count":"666,947"
Answers: "Water rhombuses","correct":false,"count":"2,008"}]
Answers: "Rutherford B. Hayes","correct":true,"count":"612,594"
Answers: "Jabraham Washingvelt","correct":false,"count":"8,567"
Answers: "Franklysses K. Nixmore","correct":false,"count":"23,175"}]
Answers: "Cosine","correct":true,"count":"559,559"
Answers: "Costume","correct":false,"count":"2,596"
Answers: "Cost-effective","correct":false,"count":"46,336"}]
Answers: "Calzone","correct":true,"count":"548,963"
Answers: "Burrito","correct":false,"count":"2,668"
Answers: "Bratwurst","correct":false,"count":"6,399"}]
Answers: "New Mexico","correct":false,"count":"26,214"
Answers: "Texas","correct":false,"count":"140,765"
Answers: "Florida","correct":true,"count":"366,016"}]
Answers: "Delight","correct":true,"count":"185,424"
Answers: "Take flight","correct":false,"count":"81,912"
Answers: "Sit tight","correct":false,"count":"96,262"}]
Answers: "Timothy","correct":false,"count":"9,439"
Answers: "Peter","correct":false,"count":"50,027"
Answers: "John","correct":true,"count":"128,143"}]
Answers: "Full House","correct":false,"count":"24,445"
Answers: "Home Improvement","correct":true,"count":"77,115"
Answers: "Family Matters","correct":false,"count":"17,342"}]
Answers: "Cage match","correct":false,"count":"35,239"
Answers: "Iron man match","correct":false,"count":"10,833"
Answers: "Tag team match","correct":true,"count":"32,002"}]
Answers: "Gifts of providence","correct":false,"count":"3,430"
Answers: "General welfare","correct":true,"count":"21,740"
Answers: "Representative congress","correct":false,"count":"7,928"}]
Answers: "The Endless River","correct":false,"count":"5,230"
Answers: "The Final Cut","correct":true,"count":"10,445"
Answers: "The Division Bell","correct":false,"count":"5,967"}]
Answers: "Car maker","correct":true,"count":"7,096"
Answers: "Instant soup brand","correct":false,"count":"2,010"
Answers: "Curling equipment","correct":false,"count":"1,660"}]
Answers: "Camel walk","correct":false,"count":"15,628"
Answers: "Pole vault","correct":true,"count":"1,106,055"
Answers: "Mole assault","correct":false,"count":"5,713"}]
Answers: "Narnia","correct":false,"count":"3,085"
Answers: "The moon","correct":true,"count":"1,093,717"
Answers: "Cancun for spring break","correct":false,"count":"1,504"}]
Answers: "Men","correct":true,"count":"1,073,440"
Answers: "Margaret","correct":false,"count":"10,380"
Answers: "MapQuest","correct":false,"count":"3,190"}]
Answers: "Slater owl","correct":false,"count":"85,210"
Answers: "Screech owl","correct":true,"count":"944,943"
Answers: "Zack owl","correct":false,"count":"34,847"}]
Answers: "Smiley face","correct":false,"count":"330,644"
Answers: "Star","correct":true,"count":"573,512"
Answers: "Rocket","correct":false,"count":"24,585"}]
Answers: "Media","correct":true,"count":"317,733"
Answers: "Antenna","correct":false,"count":"80,880"
Answers: "Larva","correct":false,"count":"174,541"}]
Answers: "Saturn","correct":false,"count":"109,855"
Answers: "Mercury","correct":true,"count":"72,129"
Answers: "Jupiter","correct":false,"count":"139,586"}]
Answers: "The Avett Brothers","correct":false,"count":"10,535"
Answers: "The Lumineers","correct":false,"count":"21,595"
Answers: "Mumford & Sons","correct":true,"count":"50,001"}]
Answers: "Gregory","correct":false,"count":"13,546"
Answers: "Leo","correct":false,"count":"16,485"
Answers: "Peter","correct":true,"count":"22,405"}]
Answers: "Bedrock","correct":false,"count":"12,895"
Answers: "Bikini Bottom","correct":true,"count":"2,078"
Answers: "Springfield","correct":false,"count":"8,473"}]
Answers: "Jamaica","correct":false,"count":"473"
Answers: "Guyana","correct":false,"count":"1,462"
Answers: "Iceland","correct":true,"count":"4,603"}]
Answers: "Censored from waist down","correct":false,"count":"3,528"
Answers: "Sullivan didn’t host","correct":true,"count":"502"
Answers: "Elvis Presley’s TV debut","correct":false,"count":"503"}]
Answers: "Fan","correct":true,"count":"542,537"
Answers: "Fantasy baseball","correct":false,"count":"4,767"
Answers: "Phantasm","correct":false,"count":"1,992"}]
Answers: "Instagram muting","correct":false,"count":"4,614"
Answers: "Penicillin","correct":true,"count":"524,157"
Answers: "Animated emoji","correct":false,"count":"6,852"}]
Answers: "Alexander the Great","correct":true,"count":"515,067"
Answers: "Sharon the Smooth","correct":false,"count":"2,148"
Answers: "Doug the Decent","correct":false,"count":"2,024"}]
Answers: "German","correct":false,"count":"6,203"
Answers: "French","correct":true,"count":"498,780"
Answers: "Spanish","correct":false,"count":"6,800"}]
Answers: "Triple A","correct":true,"count":"453,245"
Answers: "Double X","correct":false,"count":"28,761"
Answers: "Single E","correct":false,"count":"12,299"}]
Answers: "Ishmael","correct":true,"count":"292,025"
Answers: "Ahab","correct":false,"count":"147,550"
Answers: "Starbuck","correct":false,"count":"10,335"}]
Answers: "Birds nest soup","correct":false,"count":"50,503"
Answers: "Lobster","correct":true,"count":"223,390"
Answers: "Champagne","correct":false,"count":"15,999"}]
Answers: "The Shadow","correct":false,"count":"62,949"
Answers: "The Green Hornet","correct":true,"count":"83,826"
Answers: "Hopalong Cassidy","correct":false,"count":"72,788"}]
Answers: "Jack Paar","correct":false,"count":"21,645"
Answers: "Steve Allen","correct":true,"count":"22,243"
Answers: "Johnny Carson","correct":false,"count":"42,597"}]
Answers: "Food canning","correct":false,"count":"8,697"
Answers: "Safer milk","correct":true,"count":"11,983"
Answers: "Wireless radio","correct":false,"count":"3,586"}]
Answers: "Piece of silver","correct":false,"count":"3,541"
Answers: "Twenty dollars","correct":true,"count":"5,813"
Answers: "Five pounds sterling","correct":false,"count":"3,342"}]
Answers: "Blue","correct":false,"count":"1,179"
Answers: "Green","correct":true,"count":"4,197"
Answers: "White","correct":false,"count":"635"}]
Answers: "Bramble","correct":false,"count":"6,298"
Answers: "Flinch","correct":false,"count":"6,905"
Answers: "Cob","correct":true,"count":"845,539"}]
Answers: "Klezmer","correct":false,"count":"12,005"
Answers: "Seltzer","correct":true,"count":"823,245"
Answers: "Brian Setzer Orchestra","correct":false,"count":"2,202"}]
Answers: "Richard Nixon","correct":false,"count":"60,030"
Answers: "Kenan Thompson","correct":true,"count":"623,439"
Answers: "Pete Davidson","correct":false,"count":"115,672"}]
Answers: "Paragraph","correct":true,"count":"600,805"
Answers: "Novel","correct":false,"count":"5,187"
Answers: "Encyclopedia","correct":false,"count":"11,216"}]
Answers: "Clavicle","correct":false,"count":"27,920"
Answers: "Patella","correct":true,"count":"537,271"
Answers: "Mandible","correct":false,"count":"31,322"}]
Answers: "Christian Louboutin","correct":true,"count":"307,899"
Answers: "Jimmy Choo","correct":false,"count":"143,982"
Answers: "Manolo Blahnik","correct":false,"count":"68,297"}]
Answers: "Nero","correct":false,"count":"98,570"
Answers: "Hadrian","correct":true,"count":"124,060"
Answers: "Flavius","correct":false,"count":"74,908"}]
Answers: "Toasted ravioli / MO","correct":true,"count":"34,204"
Answers: "Skyline chili / CA","correct":false,"count":"25,777"
Answers: "Garbage plate / NJ","correct":false,"count":"56,419"}]
Answers: "Dutch","correct":false,"count":"4,367"
Answers: "Spanish","correct":false,"count":"5,915"
Answers: "French","correct":true,"count":"28,364"}]
Answers: "1000 songs","correct":true,"count":"18,047"
Answers: "A day of music","correct":false,"count":"6,852"
Answers: "Your entire collection","correct":false,"count":"3,341"}]
Answers: "William Faulkner","correct":false,"count":"5,348"
Answers: "Stephen Hawking","correct":false,"count":"3,896"
Answers: "George Bernard Shaw","correct":true,"count":"8,895"}]
Answers: "MLB World Series","correct":false,"count":"2,962"
Answers: "President’s inauguration","correct":false,"count":"2,422"
Answers: "St. Patrick’s Day","correct":true,"count":"3,864"}]
Answers: "Eleventy","correct":false,"count":"1,069"
Answers: "0.26","correct":false,"count":"767"
Answers: "Three","correct":true,"count":"135,128"}]
Answers: "Bjorn Borg","correct":false,"count":"4,065"
Answers: "Rafael Nadal","correct":true,"count":"122,313"
Answers: "Pete Sampras","correct":false,"count":"6,781"}]
Answers: "Time","correct":true,"count":"110,655"
Answers: "Balls","correct":false,"count":"3,937"
Answers: "Players","correct":false,"count":"5,282"}]
Answers: "USA","correct":true,"count":"80,337"
Answers: "Portugal","correct":false,"count":"9,260"
Answers: "Sweden","correct":false,"count":"20,063"}]
Answers: "Belarus","correct":false,"count":"8,235"
Answers: "Japan","correct":false,"count":"8,170"
Answers: "Lithuania","correct":true,"count":"62,415"}]
Answers: "Golf","correct":false,"count":"5,677"
Answers: "Tennis","correct":false,"count":"1,026"
Answers: "Horse racing","correct":true,"count":"55,556"}]
Answers: "Keyshawn Johnson","correct":false,"count":"3,342"
Answers: "Marshawn Lynch","correct":true,"count":"48,900"
Answers: "Odell Beckham Jr.","correct":false,"count":"2,960"}]
Answers: "100m","correct":false,"count":"6,437"
Answers: "400m","correct":false,"count":"14,630"
Answers: "They have same number","correct":true,"count":"25,778"}]
Answers: "Angels","correct":false,"count":"5,026"
Answers: "Brewers","correct":true,"count":"18,542"
Answers: "Cubs","correct":false,"count":"3,895"}]
Answers: "Helping another horse","correct":true,"count":"8,368"
Answers: "Doping","correct":false,"count":"3,535"
Answers: "Biting another horse","correct":false,"count":"6,401"}]
Answers: "World Baseball Classic","correct":false,"count":"2,405"
Answers: "Men’s World Cup","correct":true,"count":"4,312"
Answers: "America’s Cup","correct":false,"count":"1,508"}]
Answers: "Shuttlecock","correct":true,"count":"1,716"
Answers: "Golf ball","correct":false,"count":"378"
Answers: "Jai alai ball","correct":false,"count":"2,345"}]
Answers: "Water","correct":true,"count":"545,439"
Answers: "Provolone cheese","correct":false,"count":"1,524"
Answers: "Cement","correct":false,"count":"976"}]
Answers: "Phylicia Rashad","correct":false,"count":"6,013"
Answers: "Marine squad","correct":false,"count":"14,662"
Answers: "Atlantic cod","correct":true,"count":"518,359"}]
Answers: "Semicolon","correct":false,"count":"1,734"
Answers: "Comma","correct":false,"count":"6,531"
Answers: "Period","correct":true,"count":"506,184"}]
Answers: "Goalie","correct":true,"count":"486,571"
Answers: "Striker","correct":false,"count":"7,319"
Answers: "Midfielder","correct":false,"count":"7,032"}]
Answers: "With","correct":true,"count":"196,757"
Answers: "What","correct":false,"count":"108,851"
Answers: "Worth","correct":false,"count":"149,713"}]
Answers: "Federalist Papers","correct":false,"count":"823"
Answers: "US Constitution","correct":false,"count":"20,272"
Answers: "Bible","correct":true,"count":"180,164"}]
Answers: "Military forces","correct":false,"count":"29,910"
Answers: "Oil","correct":true,"count":"118,529"
Answers: "Cruise ship passengers","correct":false,"count":"25,609"}]
Answers: "Law & Order","correct":false,"count":"34,116"
Answers: "Freaks and Geeks","correct":false,"count":"48,485"
Answers: "The Sopranos","correct":true,"count":"36,000"}]
Answers: "Czech Republic","correct":false,"count":"12,219"
Answers: "Poland","correct":false,"count":"11,079"
Answers: "Austria","correct":true,"count":"14,378"}]
Answers: "Number 7","correct":false,"count":"1,727"
Answers: "Bell","correct":true,"count":"3,647"
Answers: "Lemon","correct":false,"count":"10,130"}]
Answers: "Corpsing","correct":true,"count":"2,074"
Answers: "Hamleting","correct":false,"count":"1,366"
Answers: "Scrooging","correct":false,"count":"686"}]
Answers: "Bonnaroo","correct":false,"count":"190"
Answers: "Summer Jam","correct":false,"count":"177"
Answers: "Coachella","correct":true,"count":"1,780"}]
Answers: "Mamba","correct":false,"count":"2,269"
Answers: "Mouse","correct":true,"count":"782,086"
Answers: "Manatee","correct":false,"count":"1,171"}]
Answers: "Swizzle stick","correct":true,"count":"756,635"
Answers: "Cheap Trick","correct":false,"count":"10,890"
Answers: "Chiseled brick","correct":false,"count":"5,817"}]
Answers: "Yore kitchen","correct":false,"count":"3,143"
Answers: "Your kitchen","correct":true,"count":"717,964"
Answers: "You're kitchen","correct":false,"count":"24,618"}]
Answers: "Bronze","correct":false,"count":"46,172"
Answers: "Marble","correct":true,"count":"576,626"
Answers: "Clay","correct":false,"count":"90,058"}]
Answers: "Nitrogen","correct":true,"count":"415,108"
Answers: "Sodium","correct":false,"count":"14,198"
Answers: "Chlorine","correct":false,"count":"142,546"}]
Answers: "Drawing","correct":false,"count":"6,500"
Answers: "Dog","correct":false,"count":"11,382"
Answers: "Cookie","correct":true,"count":"398,948"}]
Answers: "Romania","correct":false,"count":"141,269"
Answers: "Norway","correct":true,"count":"80,641"
Answers: "Kyrgyzstan","correct":false,"count":"171,162"}]
Answers: "Family Matters","correct":true,"count":"35,957"
Answers: "Full House","correct":false,"count":"31,607"
Answers: "Step by Step","correct":false,"count":"18,189"}]
Answers: "Copernicus","correct":false,"count":"4,249"
Answers: "Leonardo da Vinci","correct":true,"count":"17,788"
Answers: "Isaac Newton","correct":false,"count":"14,490"}]
Answers: "Asia","correct":false,"count":"2,355"
Answers: "Air Supply","correct":false,"count":"3,687"
Answers: "Toto","correct":true,"count":"12,347"}]
Answers: "Bladderwort","correct":true,"count":"7,897"
Answers: "Macaranga","correct":false,"count":"1,975"
Answers: "Ant fern","correct":false,"count":"2,608"}]
Answers: "Attorney General","correct":false,"count":"4,333"
Answers: "Treasury Secretary","correct":true,"count":"2,080"
Answers: "Defense Secretary","correct":false,"count":"1,727"}]
Answers: "Crab","correct":true,"count":"514,625"
Answers: "Human","correct":false,"count":"3,130"
Answers: "Koala","correct":false,"count":"3,192"}]
Answers: "Radon","correct":false,"count":"7,724"
Answers: "Iron","correct":true,"count":"496,457"
Answers: "Gold","correct":false,"count":"3,959"}]
Answers: "Jack","correct":false,"count":"6,474"
Answers: "King","correct":true,"count":"480,166"
Answers: "Queen","correct":false,"count":"5,514"}]
Answers: "Downward dog","correct":false,"count":"17,326"
Answers: "Crow pose","correct":false,"count":"68,777"
Answers: "Eat Pray Love pose","correct":true,"count":"387,420"}]
Answers: "Yoko’s Turn","correct":false,"count":"67,614"
Answers: "Octopus’s Garden","correct":true,"count":"222,824"
Answers: "Marshy Warshy Man","correct":false,"count":"87,898"}]
Answers: "Shiba Inu","correct":false,"count":"85,328"
Answers: "Jindo","correct":true,"count":"42,351"
Answers: "Shar Pei","correct":false,"count":"95,159"}]
Answers: "Spiders","correct":true,"count":"26,164"
Answers: "Ants","correct":false,"count":"904"
Answers: "Silkworms","correct":false,"count":"18,060"}]
Answers: "Harvard","correct":true,"count":"11,724"
Answers: "Yale","correct":false,"count":"10,338"
Answers: "Princeton","correct":false,"count":"4,411"}]
Answers: "Avocado","correct":false,"count":"728"
Answers: "Cheesecake","correct":false,"count":"1,209"
Answers: "Pineapple","correct":true,"count":"10,216"}]
Answers: "Chile","correct":false,"count":"1,714"
Answers: "Colombia","correct":true,"count":"7,061"
Answers: "Peru","correct":false,"count":"1,353"}]
Answers: "2 Fast 2 Furious","correct":false,"count":"1,006"
Answers: "Fate of the Furious","correct":true,"count":"1,939"
Answers: "Fast & Furious","correct":false,"count":"4,165"}]
Answers: "Solar eclipse","correct":true,"count":"1,039"
Answers: "Lunar eclipse","correct":false,"count":"1,185"
Answers: "Blue moon","correct":false,"count":"1,001"}]
Answers: "Doughnuts","correct":false,"count":"4,460"
Answers: "Daisies","correct":false,"count":"3,351"
Answers: "Dragons","correct":true,"count":"699,352"}]
Answers: "Maggots / crickets","correct":false,"count":"65,174"
Answers: "Mallets / wickets","correct":true,"count":"607,171"
Answers: "Ballots / tickets","correct":false,"count":"12,715"}]
Answers: "More than 180","correct":false,"count":"57,875"
Answers: "Exactly 135","correct":false,"count":"20,191"
Answers: "Less than 90","correct":true,"count":"516,578"}]
Answers: "Financial Times","correct":true,"count":"239,513"
Answers: "Wall Street Journal","correct":false,"count":"109,636"
Answers: "Advertising Age","correct":false,"count":"106,559"}]
Answers: "Mauritius","correct":false,"count":"37,780"
Answers: "Madagascar","correct":false,"count":"53,602"
Answers: "Malawi","correct":true,"count":"149,448"}]
Answers: "Rice","correct":true,"count":"41,386"
Answers: "Fish","correct":false,"count":"69,766"
Answers: "Seaweed","correct":false,"count":"39,272"}]
Answers: "Orpheum","correct":false,"count":"6,804"
Answers: "Palladium","correct":true,"count":"35,182"
Answers: "Rhenium","correct":false,"count":"1,764"}]
Answers: "Phony","correct":true,"count":"21,778"
Answers: "Putz","correct":false,"count":"11,036"
Answers: "Hipster","correct":false,"count":"2,719"}]
Answers: "Black mangroves","correct":true,"count":"8,415"
Answers: "Water bears","correct":false,"count":"7,799"
Answers: "Anteaters","correct":false,"count":"5,046"}]
Answers: "Sphinx","correct":true,"count":"5,944"
Answers: "Giant","correct":false,"count":"924"
Answers: "Dragon","correct":false,"count":"3,634"}]
Answers: "Dick Van Dyke","correct":true,"count":"1,253"
Answers: "Paul McCartney","correct":false,"count":"2,097"
Answers: "Mel Brooks","correct":false,"count":"2,770"}]
Answers: "Milk","correct":false,"count":"25,855"
Answers: "Cream","correct":false,"count":"31,501"
Answers: "Ammonia","correct":true,"count":"473,880"}]
Answers: "Nitro motor","correct":false,"count":"21,916"
Answers: "Match promoter","correct":true,"count":"428,371"
Answers: "Java coder","correct":false,"count":"14,804"}]
Answers: "One hundred","correct":false,"count":"24,368"
Answers: "One million","correct":true,"count":"324,362"
Answers: "One trillion","correct":false,"count":"68,432"}]
Answers: "Molecules","correct":true,"count":"293,754"
Answers: "Protons","correct":false,"count":"26,387"
Answers: "Quarks","correct":false,"count":"2,588"}]
Answers: "Imminent","correct":true,"count":"251,497"
Answers: "Immanent","correct":false,"count":"10,360"
Answers: "Eminent","correct":false,"count":"29,276"}]
Answers: "Race Clydesdales","correct":false,"count":"85,889"
Answers: "Serve beers","correct":true,"count":"114,607"
Answers: "Work as a bouncer","correct":false,"count":"32,316"}]
Answers: "Chicago","correct":false,"count":"41,438"
Answers: "Detroit","correct":true,"count":"58,996"
Answers: "Toronto","correct":false,"count":"15,943"}]
Answers: "Loyola-Marymount","correct":false,"count":"11,551"
Answers: "Tulane","correct":false,"count":"22,983"
Answers: "Pepperdine","correct":true,"count":"24,205"}]
Answers: "Paradise","correct":true,"count":"15,272"
Answers: "A Mercy","correct":false,"count":"2,095"
Answers: "A Sky Full of Stars","correct":false,"count":"7,827"}]
Answers: "Nebraska","correct":true,"count":"6,467"
Answers: "Oklahoma","correct":false,"count":"5,206"
Answers: "Kansas","correct":false,"count":"3,739"}]
Answers: "CSI: Miami","correct":false,"count":"3,841"
Answers: "CSI: Cyber","correct":false,"count":"686"
Answers: "CSI: NY","correct":true,"count":"2,213"}]
Answers: "White","correct":false,"count":"708"
Answers: "Rutledge","correct":false,"count":"828"
Answers: "Thomas","correct":true,"count":"847"}]
Answers: "Garfield","correct":true,"count":"620,360"
Answers: "Winnie the Pooh","correct":false,"count":"10,492"
Answers: "Lassie","correct":false,"count":"35,717"}]
Answers: "Streets","correct":true,"count":"604,215"
Answers: "Roving teens","correct":false,"count":"3,446"
Answers: "Wild dogs","correct":false,"count":"2,449"}]
Answers: "Kale","correct":false,"count":"1,188"
Answers: "Avocado","correct":true,"count":"599,376"
Answers: "Granny Smith apple","correct":false,"count":"553"}]
Answers: "Geometry","correct":false,"count":"5,917"
Answers: "Geology","correct":true,"count":"575,913"
Answers: "Geography","correct":false,"count":"13,201"}]
Answers: "Baker's dozen","correct":false,"count":"215,095"
Answers: "Dozen","correct":false,"count":"34,860"
Answers: "Gross","correct":true,"count":"311,664"}]
Answers: "Pablo Picasso","correct":false,"count":"29,841"
Answers: "Leonardo da Vinci","correct":false,"count":"12,520"
Answers: "Vincent van Gogh","correct":true,"count":"269,908"}]
Answers: "Snug","correct":true,"count":"94,517"
Answers: "Hollow","correct":false,"count":"101,194"
Answers: "Inglenook","correct":false,"count":"70,359"}]
Answers: "USA","correct":false,"count":"5,893"
Answers: "Chile","correct":true,"count":"74,371"
Answers: "China","correct":false,"count":"16,466"}]
Answers: "Atlanta","correct":false,"count":"22,550"
Answers: "Philadelphia","correct":false,"count":"18,222"
Answers: "Pittsburgh","correct":true,"count":"33,371"}]
Answers: "New Hampshire","correct":false,"count":"3,270"
Answers: "Vermont","correct":true,"count":"14,654"
Answers: "Georgia","correct":false,"count":"16,212"}]
Answers: "Martin Scorsese","correct":false,"count":"3,834"
Answers: "George Romero","correct":true,"count":"2,099"
Answers: "Steven Spielberg","correct":false,"count":"9,257"}]
Answers: "X","correct":false,"count":"924"
Answers: "B","correct":false,"count":"2,264"
Answers: "J","correct":true,"count":"1,653"}]
Answers: "Horseplay","correct":false,"count":"1,435"
Answers: "Hike","correct":true,"count":"126,590"
Answers: "Hasselhoff","correct":false,"count":"1,046"}]
Answers: "Pole vault","correct":true,"count":"124,603"
Answers: "Bobsledding","correct":false,"count":"528"
Answers: "Badminton","correct":false,"count":"402"}]
Answers: "Migraines","correct":false,"count":"15,244"
Answers: "The flu","correct":false,"count":"13,738"
Answers: "Hand injury","correct":true,"count":"92,164"}]
Answers: "Pitcher","correct":false,"count":"20,743"
Answers: "First base","correct":false,"count":"21,918"
Answers: "Catcher","correct":true,"count":"46,146"}]
Answers: "On his yacht","correct":true,"count":"33,303"
Answers: "At Diddy's house","correct":false,"count":"2,660"
Answers: "At a winery","correct":false,"count":"9,674"}]
Answers: "Germany","correct":false,"count":"4,954"
Answers: "France","correct":false,"count":"4,601"
Answers: "Spain","correct":true,"count":"23,811"}]
Answers: "Florence Griffith-Joyner","correct":true,"count":"11,444"
Answers: "Marion Jones","correct":false,"count":"9,034"
Answers: "Gail Devers","correct":false,"count":"2,846"}]
Answers: "Furlong","correct":true,"count":"4,778"
Answers: "Olympic swimming pool","correct":false,"count":"1,274"
Answers: "CFL football field","correct":false,"count":"5,587"}]
Answers: "Sloane Stephens","correct":true,"count":"3,720"
Answers: "Caroline Wozniacki","correct":false,"count":"1,050"
Answers: "Maria Sharapova","correct":false,"count":"608"}]
Answers: "Carl Edwards","correct":false,"count":"553"
Answers: "Jeff Gordon","correct":true,"count":"1,646"
Answers: "Brad Keselowski","correct":false,"count":"1,470"}]
Answers: "MLS soccer ball","correct":false,"count":"894"
Answers: "NFL football","correct":false,"count":"668"
Answers: "NBA basketball","correct":true,"count":"348"}]
Answers: "Darryl Strawberry","correct":true,"count":"194"
Answers: "Mark McGwire","correct":false,"count":"75"
Answers: "Derek Jeter","correct":false,"count":"213"}]
Answers: "Milk / cookies","correct":true,"count":"503,091"
Answers: "Jerky / tomato juice","correct":false,"count":"1,605"
Answers: "Tofu / steamed okra","correct":false,"count":"1,173"}]
Answers: "Strike","correct":false,"count":"4,132"
Answers: "Spare","correct":true,"count":"491,090"
Answers: "Gutter ball","correct":false,"count":"2,281"}]
Answers: "Herbivorous","correct":true,"count":"463,691"
Answers: "Carnivorous","correct":false,"count":"10,618"
Answers: "Omnivorous","correct":false,"count":"11,647"}]
Answers: "The Old Man and the Sea","correct":false,"count":"51,006"
Answers: "Animal Farm","correct":false,"count":"20,646"
Answers: "War and Peace","correct":true,"count":"385,479"}]
Answers: "Connecticut","correct":false,"count":"15,793"
Answers: "Arkansas","correct":true,"count":"314,311"
Answers: "New Mexico","correct":false,"count":"48,728"}]
Answers: "Serving temperature","correct":false,"count":"38,715"
Answers: "Color","correct":false,"count":"40,610"
Answers: "Size","correct":true,"count":"228,586"}]
Answers: "Didgeridoo","correct":false,"count":"50,438"
Answers: "Theremin","correct":true,"count":"150,449"
Answers: "Hurdy-gurdy","correct":false,"count":"25,259"}]
Answers: "Aristotle","correct":false,"count":"39,009"
Answers: "Socrates","correct":true,"count":"59,572"
Answers: "Plato","correct":false,"count":"51,453"}]
Answers: "Diddy Kong Racing","correct":false,"count":"7,913"
Answers: "Zelda: Majora’s Mask","correct":false,"count":"19,866"
Answers: "Goldeneye 007","correct":true,"count":"31,453"}]
Answers: "Noah","correct":false,"count":"2,268"
Answers: "Job","correct":true,"count":"20,543"
Answers: "Abraham","correct":false,"count":"9,296"}]
Answers: "Poodle Hat","correct":false,"count":"4,190"
Answers: "Dare to Be Stupid","correct":false,"count":"12,678"
Answers: "In 3-D","correct":true,"count":"3,597"}]
Answers: "Right now, you like me!","correct":true,"count":"801"
Answers: "I know you like me!","correct":false,"count":"413"
Answers: "You really like me!","correct":false,"count":"4,170"}]
Answers: "Food cooperative","correct":false,"count":"5,591"
Answers: "Ulterior motive","correct":false,"count":"13,316"
Answers: "Locomotive","correct":true,"count":"617,374"}]
Answers: "15 yards","correct":true,"count":"607,588"
Answers: "Saturday detention","correct":false,"count":"2,545"
Answers: "No dessert","correct":false,"count":"828"}]
Answers: "Ice","correct":false,"count":"7,991"
Answers: "Steam","correct":false,"count":"7,415"
Answers: "Stone","correct":true,"count":"587,368"}]
Answers: "Lutefisk","correct":false,"count":"3,547"
Answers: "Gerber sandwich","correct":false,"count":"2,669"
Answers: "Hash browns","correct":true,"count":"576,176"}]
Answers: "Elwood City","correct":true,"count":"250,118"
Answers: "Nightingale Heights","correct":false,"count":"116,369"
Answers: "Bookerton","correct":false,"count":"195,051"}]
Answers: "Spider","correct":false,"count":"130,459"
Answers: "Freecell","correct":true,"count":"91,013"
Answers: "Klondike","correct":false,"count":"27,322"}]
Answers: "Athlete","correct":false,"count":"18,068"
Answers: "Gamer","correct":false,"count":"46,520"
Answers: "Soldier","correct":true,"count":"30,503"}]
Answers: "Nashville / Raleigh","correct":false,"count":"8,754"
Answers: "Helena / Boise","correct":true,"count":"14,827"
Answers: "Frankfort / Charleston","correct":false,"count":"6,953"}]
Answers: "The Purloined Letter","correct":true,"count":"7,242"
Answers: "The Pickwick Papers","correct":false,"count":"5,352"
Answers: "The £1,000,000 Bank Note","correct":false,"count":"2,008"}]
Answers: "Two separate loops","correct":false,"count":"1,301"
Answers: "One big loop","correct":true,"count":"2,881"
Answers: "Two linked loops","correct":false,"count":"3,288"}]
Answers: "Ned Flanders","correct":true,"count":"1,792"
Answers: "Lisa Simpson","correct":false,"count":"551"
Answers: "Moe Szyslak","correct":false,"count":"740"}]
Answers: "Dromedaries","correct":false,"count":"359"
Answers: "Dogs","correct":true,"count":"910"
Answers: "Dolphins","correct":false,"count":"588"}]
Answers: "Septuary","correct":false,"count":"9,091"
Answers: "Julember","correct":false,"count":"4,366"
Answers: "August","correct":true,"count":"614,790"}]
Answers: "Birdhouses","correct":false,"count":"19,938"
Answers: "Olives","correct":true,"count":"579,559"
Answers: "Snow globes","correct":false,"count":"7,161"}]
Answers: "Learner’s permit","correct":true,"count":"572,442"
Answers: "Jury summons","correct":false,"count":"1,162"
Answers: "Property deed","correct":false,"count":"914"}]
Answers: "Vampire key","correct":false,"count":"7,581"
Answers: "Zombie key","correct":false,"count":"8,035"
Answers: "Skeleton key","correct":true,"count":"550,421"}]
Answers: "Totally nobody","correct":false,"count":"13,095"
Answers: "Absolutely nothing","correct":true,"count":"510,095"
Answers: "No clear purpose","correct":false,"count":"15,125"}]
Answers: "Charles Dickens","correct":true,"count":"183,301"
Answers: "Lewis Carroll","correct":false,"count":"117,658"
Answers: "George Orwell","correct":false,"count":"192,110"}]
Answers: "0° Celsius","correct":true,"count":"65,204"
Answers: "0° Fahrenheit","correct":false,"count":"62,012"
Answers: "0° Kelvin","correct":false,"count":"55,698"}]
Answers: "Noah Webster","correct":false,"count":"27,169"
Answers: "Peter Roget","correct":true,"count":"28,354"
Answers: "John Bartlett","correct":false,"count":"12,414"}]
Answers: "Penn State","correct":false,"count":"6,314"
Answers: "Carnegie Mellon","correct":false,"count":"7,744"
Answers: "UPenn","correct":true,"count":"15,524"}]
Answers: "GOOD BYE","correct":true,"count":"9,785"
Answers: "LIGHT DARK","correct":false,"count":"2,698"
Answers: "LISTEN WELL","correct":false,"count":"3,404"}]
Answers: "Massachusetts","correct":false,"count":"1,790"
Answers: "Connecticut","correct":true,"count":"5,735"
Answers: "Maine","correct":false,"count":"2,271"}]
Answers: "The Godfather","correct":false,"count":"908"
Answers: "The Giving Tree","correct":true,"count":"3,337"
Answers: "The Right Stuff","correct":false,"count":"1,508"}]
Answers: "Father’s Day","correct":true,"count":"1,079,663"
Answers: "Friendsgiving","correct":false,"count":"11,004"
Answers: "Chrismukkah","correct":false,"count":"3,231"}]
Answers: "Space Emperor","correct":false,"count":"1,371"
Answers: "Party Queen","correct":false,"count":"2,423"
Answers: "Mayor","correct":true,"count":"1,071,464"}]
Answers: "Frets","correct":true,"count":"1,050,744"
Answers: "Worries","correct":false,"count":"7,317"
Answers: "Anxieties","correct":false,"count":"4,931"}]
Answers: "Treasury","correct":false,"count":"50,934"
Answers: "Takeout","correct":false,"count":"52,191"
Answers: "Teller","correct":true,"count":"932,598"}]
Answers: "Smoking","correct":true,"count":"779,462"
Answers: "Searing","correct":false,"count":"132,470"
Answers: "Direct heat","correct":false,"count":"19,895"}]
Answers: "Ding-dong","correct":true,"count":"452,813"
Answers: "Flim-flam","correct":false,"count":"86,119"
Answers: "Knick-knack","correct":false,"count":"197,751"}]
Answers: "Lobsters","correct":false,"count":"124,257"
Answers: "Scorpions","correct":true,"count":"247,319"
Answers: "Beetles","correct":false,"count":"108,073"}]
Answers: "Iceland","correct":false,"count":"46,210"
Answers: "Ireland","correct":false,"count":"5,154"
Answers: "Greenland","correct":true,"count":"227,061"}]
Answers: "Christina’s World","correct":false,"count":"58,866"
Answers: "Broadway Boogie Woogie","correct":false,"count":"91,948"
Answers: "American Gothic","correct":true,"count":"79,560"}]
Answers: "Diana Ross","correct":false,"count":"21,883"
Answers: "Martha Reeves","correct":true,"count":"30,858"
Answers: "Gladys Knight","correct":false,"count":"38,936"}]
Answers: "Tomato","correct":true,"count":"26,995"
Answers: "Eggplant","correct":false,"count":"5,531"
Answers: "Cactus","correct":false,"count":"6,798"}]
Answers: "But let’s always try","correct":false,"count":"3,887"
Answers: "But you begin anyway","correct":false,"count":"7,047"
Answers: "But sometimes you do","correct":true,"count":"15,056"}]
Answers: "Lightyear","correct":false,"count":"3,729"
Answers: "Yard","correct":true,"count":"475,029"
Answers: "Boatload","correct":false,"count":"2,042"}]
Answers: "Clear","correct":false,"count":"1,795"
Answers: "Green","correct":true,"count":"466,875"
Answers: "Zebra stripes","correct":false,"count":"1,101"}]
Answers: "Chill vibes","correct":false,"count":"1,152"
Answers: "Wifi","correct":false,"count":"2,495"
Answers: "Gravity","correct":true,"count":"457,793"}]
Answers: "Hockey","correct":false,"count":"15,676"
Answers: "Lacrosse","correct":true,"count":"420,899"
Answers: "Cricket","correct":false,"count":"15,818"}]
Answers: "Hawaiian Punch","correct":false,"count":"58,607"
Answers: "Minute Maid","correct":false,"count":"40,227"
Answers: "Mountain Dew","correct":true,"count":"316,034"}]
Answers: "Rick Springfield","correct":false,"count":"145,385"
Answers: "Richard Marx","correct":false,"count":"34,682"
Answers: "Tommy Tutone","correct":true,"count":"134,222"}]
Answers: "Watson","correct":false,"count":"60,161"
Answers: "Merlin","correct":false,"count":"30,188"
Answers: "Deep Blue","correct":true,"count":"53,069"}]
Answers: "San Diego","correct":true,"count":"15,321"
Answers: "San Francisco","correct":false,"count":"27,063"
Answers: "Austin","correct":false,"count":"14,364"}]
Answers: "Mary, Queen of Scots","correct":false,"count":"3,773"
Answers: "Queen Elizabeth I","correct":false,"count":"8,409"
Answers: "Queen Elizabeth II","correct":true,"count":"6,485"}]
Answers: "Fettuccine al burro","correct":true,"count":"1,844"
Answers: "Fettuccine primavera","correct":false,"count":"2,756"
Answers: "Fettuccine carbonara","correct":false,"count":"2,984"}]
Answers: "Grand Cayman","correct":false,"count":"354"
Answers: "Morocco","correct":false,"count":"862"
Answers: "Fiji","correct":true,"count":"994"}]
Answers: "Ice Cube","correct":false,"count":"179"
Answers: "Dr. Dre","correct":false,"count":"279"
Answers: "MC Hammer","correct":true,"count":"603"}]
Answers: "Ice cream","correct":false,"count":"11,515"
Answers: "Whipped cream","correct":false,"count":"4,719"
Answers: "Shaving cream","correct":true,"count":"712,697"}]
Answers: "Dragon Baskets","correct":false,"count":"9,407"
Answers: "Pony Express","correct":true,"count":"675,626"
Answers: "Troll Transfer","correct":false,"count":"18,072"}]
Answers: "Pajamas","correct":false,"count":"20,072"
Answers: "Tuxedo","correct":true,"count":"633,005"
Answers: "Swimsuit","correct":false,"count":"17,323"}]
Answers: "Jacks","correct":false,"count":"20,351"
Answers: "Yo-yo","correct":false,"count":"6,667"
Answers: "Jump rope","correct":true,"count":"604,206"}]
Answers: "Filter","correct":false,"count":"106,003"
Answers: "Factor","correct":true,"count":"490,706"
Answers: "Feel","correct":false,"count":"4,592"}]
Answers: "Canasta","correct":true,"count":"365,728"
Answers: "Pinochle","correct":false,"count":"73,196"
Answers: "Rummy","correct":false,"count":"51,045"}]
Answers: "Black Rock","correct":true,"count":"83,466"
Answers: "Mojave","correct":false,"count":"222,207"
Answers: "Baja","correct":false,"count":"62,398"}]
Answers: "Safety","correct":false,"count":"15,611"
Answers: "Love","correct":false,"count":"18,532"
Answers: "Self-actualization","correct":true,"count":"64,526"}]
Answers: "Illinois","correct":false,"count":"17,698"
Answers: "Maryland","correct":false,"count":"21,456"
Answers: "Oklahoma","correct":true,"count":"26,036"}]
Answers: "Vanquishes his enemy","correct":false,"count":"4,997"
Answers: "Makes him laugh","correct":false,"count":"5,667"
Answers: "Dances for him","correct":true,"count":"17,916"}]
Answers: "Colorado","correct":false,"count":"8,020"
Answers: "Euphrates","correct":false,"count":"5,351"
Answers: "Volga","correct":true,"count":"5,157"}]
Answers: "Truman Capote","correct":true,"count":"4,167"
Answers: "William Faulkner","correct":false,"count":"1,549"
Answers: "Raymond Chandler","correct":false,"count":"1,150"}]
Answers: "New Connecticut","correct":false,"count":"3,580"
Answers: "South Oregon","correct":false,"count":"2,623"
Answers: "Kentucky","correct":true,"count":"116,500"}]
Answers: "Clown","correct":false,"count":"1,816"
Answers: "Goof","correct":false,"count":"2,266"
Answers: "Mock","correct":true,"count":"111,269"}]
Answers: "Phillie Phanatic","correct":true,"count":"93,019"
Answers: "Boston Bumblebee","correct":false,"count":"12,477"
Answers: "San Diego Nacho Thief","correct":false,"count":"3,838"}]
Answers: "Points","correct":true,"count":"90,555"
Answers: "Home runs","correct":false,"count":"1,070"
Answers: "Touchdowns","correct":false,"count":"448"}]
Answers: "3 outs on 3 pitches","correct":false,"count":"35,768"
Answers: "3 Ks on 9 pitches","correct":true,"count":"46,373"
Answers: "3 outs to same defender","correct":false,"count":"3,962"}]
Answers: "Misconduct","correct":true,"count":"21,413"
Answers: "Double minor","correct":false,"count":"2,779"
Answers: "Major","correct":false,"count":"23,488"}]
Answers: "Mayor","correct":true,"count":"12,904"
Answers: "English teacher","correct":false,"count":"4,527"
Answers: "Medical doctor","correct":false,"count":"5,281"}]
Answers: "Pennsylvania","correct":false,"count":"1,756"
Answers: "Nebraska","correct":true,"count":"9,198"
Answers: "Oklahoma","correct":false,"count":"2,316"}]
Answers: "Babe Didrikson Zaharias","correct":true,"count":"4,556"
Answers: "Jim Thorpe","correct":false,"count":"2,366"
Answers: "Bobby Jones","correct":false,"count":"2,346"}]
Answers: "World Cup matches played","correct":true,"count":"3,267"
Answers: "World Cup goals scored","correct":false,"count":"431"
Answers: "World Cup penalties","correct":false,"count":"1,044"}]
Answers: "Frozen envelope","correct":true,"count":"2,158"
Answers: "Weighted ping pong balls","correct":false,"count":"1,149"
Answers: "Laser pointer","correct":false,"count":"71"}]
Answers: "Wales","correct":false,"count":"291"
Answers: "New Zealand","correct":false,"count":"1,460"
Answers: "USA","correct":true,"count":"465"}]
Answers: "Conversational French","correct":false,"count":"7,121"
Answers: "How to dougie","correct":false,"count":"10,561"
Answers: "New tricks","correct":true,"count":"437,381"}]
Answers: "Queen","correct":false,"count":"2,414"
Answers: "Jester","correct":true,"count":"430,637"
Answers: "King","correct":false,"count":"1,132"}]
Answers: "Nobel Prize","correct":true,"count":"369,311"
Answers: "People’s Choice Award","correct":false,"count":"42,845"
Answers: "Heisman Trophy","correct":false,"count":"11,403"}]
Answers: "Citizen communication","correct":false,"count":"8,428"
Answers: "Common correspondence","correct":false,"count":"96,217"
Answers: "Carbon copy","correct":true,"count":"262,959"}]
Answers: "Tennessee","correct":false,"count":"54,612"
Answers: "Missouri","correct":true,"count":"166,140"
Answers: "Kentucky","correct":false,"count":"43,429"}]
Answers: "The Adventure of Link","correct":false,"count":"21,169"
Answers: "Super Mario Bros. 2","correct":true,"count":"84,131"
Answers: "Double Dragon","correct":false,"count":"51,955"}]
Answers: "Eleanor Roosevelt","correct":true,"count":"65,977"
Answers: "Edith Wilson","correct":false,"count":"8,136"
Answers: "Mamie Eisenhower","correct":false,"count":"11,750"}]
Answers: "Greeting cards","correct":false,"count":"7,370"
Answers: "Postcards","correct":true,"count":"40,380"
Answers: "Catalogs","correct":false,"count":"18,698"}]
Answers: "Warriors","correct":true,"count":"23,499"
Answers: "Celtics","correct":false,"count":"7,426"
Answers: "Cavaliers","correct":false,"count":"9,945"}]
Answers: "Dr. Lisa Cuddy","correct":false,"count":"3,763"
Answers: "Dr. Meredith Grey","correct":true,"count":"14,445"
Answers: "Dr. Elliot Reid","correct":false,"count":"5,690"}]
Answers: "Sally Ride","correct":false,"count":"1,189"
Answers: "Harrison Schmitt","correct":true,"count":"4,243"
Answers: "Alan Shepard","correct":false,"count":"10,452"}]
Answers: "Liz Lemon","correct":false,"count":"1,534"
Answers: "Carrie Bradshaw","correct":false,"count":"2,147"
Answers: "Leslie Knope","correct":true,"count":"1,482"}]
Answers: "Flamingo","correct":false,"count":"3,144"
Answers: "Spider","correct":true,"count":"664,671"
Answers: "Human dad","correct":false,"count":"1,385"}]
Answers: "James Bond","correct":true,"count":"651,904"
Answers: "Ari Gold","correct":false,"count":"2,639"
Answers: "Cody Banks","correct":false,"count":"3,886"}]
Answers: "T-shirt","correct":true,"count":"634,973"
Answers: "Khakis","correct":false,"count":"7,105"
Answers: "Jeans","correct":false,"count":"4,830"}]
Answers: "Football","correct":true,"count":"605,216"
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"9,871"
Answers: "Baseball","correct":false,"count":"16,460"}]
Answers: "Beef","correct":false,"count":"234,790"
Answers: "Vegetables","correct":true,"count":"260,751"
Answers: "Chicken","correct":false,"count":"102,806"}]
Answers: "Barbell","correct":true,"count":"233,713"
Answers: "Kettlebell","correct":false,"count":"5,990"
Answers: "Dumbbell","correct":false,"count":"34,993"}]
Answers: "Born in the USA","correct":true,"count":"179,381"
Answers: "Dancing in the Dark","correct":false,"count":"28,534"
Answers: "Hungry Heart","correct":false,"count":"24,298"}]
Answers: "Clara Barton","correct":true,"count":"103,951"
Answers: "Juliette Gordon Low","correct":false,"count":"26,448"
Answers: "Florence Nightingale","correct":false,"count":"50,739"}]
Answers: "Zumba","correct":true,"count":"35,528"
Answers: "Pilates","correct":false,"count":"15,077"
Answers: "Burpee","correct":false,"count":"55,652"}]
Answers: "Expressionism","correct":false,"count":"11,741"
Answers: "Cubism","correct":false,"count":"16,326"
Answers: "Neo-impressionism","correct":true,"count":"13,601"}]
Answers: "Sunset Boulevard","correct":false,"count":"3,418"
Answers: "Chinatown","correct":false,"count":"2,765"
Answers: "LA Confidential","correct":true,"count":"8,889"}]
Answers: "Texas","correct":true,"count":"5,132"
Answers: "Washington, DC","correct":false,"count":"918"
Answers: "Virginia","correct":false,"count":"3,022"}]
Answers: "Hoof","correct":false,"count":"5,154"
Answers: "Gill","correct":false,"count":"7,903"
Answers: "Beak","correct":true,"count":"433,222"}]
Answers: "In a tiny hat","correct":false,"count":"1,108"
Answers: "Left foot","correct":false,"count":"12,099"
Answers: "Left hand","correct":true,"count":"415,233"}]
Answers: "Kilogram","correct":false,"count":"39,308"
Answers: "Ton","correct":false,"count":"4,133"
Answers: "Pound","correct":true,"count":"365,553"}]
Answers: "Compliments","correct":true,"count":"151,016"
Answers: "Tasks","correct":false,"count":"39,029"
Answers: "Personal details","correct":false,"count":"166,027"}]
Answers: "Fedora","correct":false,"count":"34,627"
Answers: "Cardigan","correct":true,"count":"104,966"
Answers: "Loafer","correct":false,"count":"16,777"}]
Answers: "Soccer","correct":false,"count":"7,551"
Answers: "Guitar","correct":false,"count":"26,358"
Answers: "Pinball","correct":true,"count":"71,865"}]
Answers: "Cheese sticks","correct":false,"count":"16,158"
Answers: "Onion rings","correct":false,"count":"31,121"
Answers: "Fries","correct":true,"count":"24,687"}]
Answers: "Butane","correct":false,"count":"5,737"
Answers: "British","correct":true,"count":"16,763"
Answers: "Base","correct":false,"count":"3,997"}]
Answers: "Tom Cruise","correct":false,"count":"6,707"
Answers: "Frank Sinatra","correct":true,"count":"6,854"
Answers: "Christopher Walken","correct":false,"count":"3,392"}]
Answers: "Vampire","correct":false,"count":"656"
Answers: "Zombie","correct":true,"count":"6,576"
Answers: "Skeleton","correct":false,"count":"362"}]
Answers: "Guadalcanal","correct":false,"count":"1,719"
Answers: "Tahiti","correct":false,"count":"563"
Answers: "Java","correct":true,"count":"4,337"}]
Answers: "Crazy","correct":false,"count":"460"
Answers: "Stay","correct":false,"count":"378"
Answers: "Hold On","correct":true,"count":"4,152"}]
Answers: "Cars","correct":false,"count":"2,709"
Answers: "Casseroles","correct":false,"count":"1,979"
Answers: "Music","correct":true,"count":"666,108"}]
Answers: "Hammer","correct":false,"count":"5,477"
Answers: "Bugle","correct":false,"count":"6,055"
Answers: "Pencil","correct":true,"count":"647,852"}]
Answers: "Stop","correct":false,"count":"4,779"
Answers: "Railroad crossing","correct":false,"count":"20,093"
Answers: "Yield","correct":true,"count":"617,000"}]
Answers: "Lock","correct":false,"count":"75,694"
Answers: "Door","correct":false,"count":"19,115"
Answers: "Key","correct":true,"count":"513,921"}]
Answers: "In trailers on set","correct":false,"count":"185,814"
Answers: "After the movie","correct":true,"count":"210,970"
Answers: "On trail outside theater","correct":false,"count":"83,907"}]
Answers: "Horror","correct":false,"count":"38,432"
Answers: "Science fiction","correct":true,"count":"170,855"
Answers: "Crime","correct":false,"count":"15,965"}]
Answers: "Pyrrhic","correct":true,"count":"109,956"
Answers: "Moral","correct":false,"count":"45,540"
Answers: "Strategic","correct":false,"count":"14,723"}]
Answers: "Markle & Shine","correct":false,"count":"20,839"
Answers: "Meghan’s Mirror","correct":false,"count":"37,154"
Answers: "The Tig","correct":true,"count":"52,949"}]
Answers: "Acadia","correct":false,"count":"23,801"
Answers: "Shenandoah","correct":false,"count":"10,514"
Answers: "Saguaro","correct":true,"count":"20,980"}]
Answers: "Citizen Kane","correct":false,"count":"7,367"
Answers: "It’s a Wonderful Life","correct":false,"count":"11,264"
Answers: "Casablanca","correct":true,"count":"4,989"}]
Answers: "ARP Pro Soloist","correct":false,"count":"881"
Answers: "Water drums","correct":false,"count":"2,345"
Answers: "Clarinet","correct":true,"count":"2,903"}]
Answers: "Nero","correct":false,"count":"986"
Answers: "Augustus","correct":false,"count":"872"
Answers: "Caligula","correct":true,"count":"1,366"}]
Answers: "Pod vegetable","correct":false,"count":"1,790"
Answers: "Legume","correct":false,"count":"3,121"
Answers: "Sausage","correct":true,"count":"414,154"}]
Answers: "Learning sign language","correct":true,"count":"365,347"
Answers: "Playing piano","correct":false,"count":"19,619"
Answers: "Playing chess","correct":false,"count":"21,384"}]
Answers: "Tennis shoe","correct":false,"count":"3,516"
Answers: "Loafer","correct":true,"count":"357,201"
Answers: "Running shoe","correct":false,"count":"1,711"}]
Answers: "Binding","correct":false,"count":"45,226"
Answers: "Dedication","correct":false,"count":"68,319"
Answers: "Apologia","correct":true,"count":"230,921"}]
Answers: "Merseyside","correct":false,"count":"4,293"
Answers: "Worcestershire","correct":true,"count":"217,091"
Answers: "Chutney","correct":false,"count":"12,187"}]
Answers: "Best Buy","correct":false,"count":"62,228"
Answers: "Sears","correct":true,"count":"53,150"
Answers: "Costco","correct":false,"count":"99,001"}]
Answers: "Kemfer","correct":true,"count":"27,925"
Answers: "Narish","correct":false,"count":"13,509"
Answers: "Schmendrick","correct":false,"count":"18,312"}]
Answers: "Louis XIV","correct":false,"count":"11,658"
Answers: "Wilhelm II","correct":false,"count":"3,990"
Answers: "George VI","correct":true,"count":"13,493"}]
Answers: "Let ‘em Roll","correct":true,"count":"8,292"
Answers: "Lucky Seven","correct":false,"count":"4,691"
Answers: "Any Number","correct":false,"count":"1,187"}]
Answers: "Apples","correct":false,"count":"1,742"
Answers: "Lightning","correct":false,"count":"861"
Answers: "Flowers","correct":true,"count":"5,879"}]
Answers: "Ursa Major","correct":false,"count":"3,390"
Answers: "Ursa Minor","correct":false,"count":"1,277"
Answers: "Canis Major","correct":true,"count":"1,328"}]
Answers: "Lying on this back","correct":false,"count":"1,435"
Answers: "Kneeling","correct":false,"count":"101"
Answers: "Standing","correct":true,"count":"128"}]
Answers: "Autumn aurora","correct":false,"count":"8,227"
Answers: "Summer solstice","correct":true,"count":"595,468"
Answers: "Winter welcome","correct":false,"count":"5,633"}]
Answers: "Doink","correct":false,"count":"32,553"
Answers: "Dab","correct":true,"count":"543,584"
Answers: "Dingus","correct":false,"count":"11,959"}]
Answers: "Hot milk","correct":false,"count":"5,053"
Answers: "Cold brew coffee","correct":false,"count":"10,036"
Answers: "Margarita","correct":true,"count":"525,439"}]
Answers: "Auctioneer","correct":false,"count":"43,773"
Answers: "Winemaker","correct":true,"count":"368,551"
Answers: "Antiques dealer","correct":false,"count":"107,779"}]
Answers: "Diameter","correct":false,"count":"120,239"
Answers: "Revolutions per minute","correct":true,"count":"244,081"
Answers: "Weight","correct":false,"count":"4,277"}]
Answers: "Revenge of the Jedi","correct":true,"count":"136,586"
Answers: "Return of Vader","correct":false,"count":"38,236"
Answers: "The Final Jedi","correct":false,"count":"69,931"}]
Answers: "Yellow","correct":false,"count":"1,900"
Answers: "Red","correct":false,"count":"1,830"
Answers: "Blue","correct":true,"count":"136,924"}]
Answers: "Mouse","correct":false,"count":"16,772"
Answers: "Opossum","correct":true,"count":"101,669"
Answers: "Cow","correct":false,"count":"17,388"}]
Answers: "Latitude","correct":false,"count":"47,282"
Answers: "Area of a city","correct":true,"count":"45,333"
Answers: "Man’s last name","correct":false,"count":"9,206"}]
Answers: "Ottoman Empire","correct":false,"count":"20,063"
Answers: "Russia","correct":true,"count":"18,745"
Answers: "Austrian Empire","correct":false,"count":"9,011"}]
Answers: "I Can’t Make You Love Me","correct":true,"count":"6,646"
Answers: "All for Love","correct":false,"count":"5,644"
Answers: "Justify My Love","correct":false,"count":"7,909"}]
Answers: "Abraham Lincoln","correct":false,"count":"1,910"
Answers: "George Washington","correct":false,"count":"3,378"
Answers: "Martin Luther King, Jr.","correct":true,"count":"2,899"}]
Answers: "Steve Urkel","correct":false,"count":"1,467"
Answers: "George Washington","correct":true,"count":"415,827"
Answers: "Judge Judy","correct":false,"count":"993"}]
Answers: "Fee, fi, fo, fum","correct":true,"count":"399,886"
Answers: "YOLO","correct":false,"count":"4,330"
Answers: "Y’all small","correct":false,"count":"6,796"}]
Answers: "Swimming pool","correct":false,"count":"4,313"
Answers: "Computer","correct":true,"count":"385,225"
Answers: "Family tree","correct":false,"count":"5,845"}]
Answers: "Coo","correct":false,"count":"2,253"
Answers: "Tweet","correct":true,"count":"379,381"
Answers: "Gobble","correct":false,"count":"460"}]
Answers: "Chimichurri","correct":true,"count":"256,355"
Answers: "Chimichanga","correct":false,"count":"62,504"
Answers: "Chilaquiles","correct":false,"count":"47,759"}]
Answers: "Dearth","correct":false,"count":"61,746"
Answers: "Gumption","correct":false,"count":"95,798"
Answers: "Plethora","correct":true,"count":"97,411"}]
Answers: "Richard Branson","correct":true,"count":"51,400"
Answers: "H. Ross Perot","correct":false,"count":"7,472"
Answers: "Steve Forbes","correct":false,"count":"43,649"}]
Answers: "Electrafé","correct":false,"count":"3,576"
Answers: "Automat","correct":true,"count":"28,738"
Answers: "Dime & Dine","correct":false,"count":"20,381"}]
Answers: "Mexico","correct":false,"count":"6,859"
Answers: "Spain","correct":false,"count":"10,881"
Answers: "Peru","correct":true,"count":"11,554"}]
Answers: "Monty Python","correct":true,"count":"6,565"
Answers: "The Honeymooners","correct":false,"count":"3,546"
Answers: "Meet the Press","correct":false,"count":"2,033"}]
Answers: "Boston University","correct":true,"count":"2,220"
Answers: "Harvard","correct":false,"count":"2,328"
Answers: "MIT","correct":false,"count":"2,280"}]
Answers: "Agatha Christie","correct":false,"count":"1,156"
Answers: "Ian Fleming","correct":false,"count":"676"
Answers: "Edgar Rice Burroughs","correct":true,"count":"710"}]
Answers: "Small claims court","correct":false,"count":"3,382"
Answers: "Food court","correct":true,"count":"534,184"
Answers: "Tennis court","correct":false,"count":"1,393"}]
Answers: "Dimension","correct":false,"count":"28,570"
Answers: "Invention","correct":true,"count":"490,014"
Answers: "Water retention","correct":false,"count":"6,363"}]
Answers: "Alexander Hamilton","correct":false,"count":"74,656"
Answers: "John Adams","correct":true,"count":"347,063"
Answers: "Andrew Jackson","correct":false,"count":"59,017"}]
Answers: "Trouble","correct":true,"count":"275,163"
Answers: "Sorry!","correct":false,"count":"61,378"
Answers: "Aggravation","correct":false,"count":"11,304"}]
Answers: "Cube","correct":true,"count":"45,617"
Answers: "Tetrahedron","correct":false,"count":"9,493"
Answers: "Octahedron","correct":false,"count":"220,332"}]
Answers: "Laverne & Shirley","correct":false,"count":"4,482"
Answers: "Sanford & Son","correct":true,"count":"37,005"
Answers: "Mork & Mindy","correct":false,"count":"14,618"}]
Answers: "Cambodia","correct":false,"count":"10,236"
Answers: "Laos","correct":true,"count":"18,236"
Answers: "Myanmar","correct":false,"count":"9,127"}]
Answers: "American football","correct":false,"count":"1,766"
Answers: "Badminton","correct":false,"count":"7,633"
Answers: "Hockey","correct":true,"count":"9,452"}]
Answers: "90","correct":true,"count":"1,873"
Answers: "1","correct":false,"count":"3,639"
Answers: "10","correct":false,"count":"4,075"}]
Answers: "Sucrose","correct":true,"count":"2,435"
Answers: "Lactose","correct":false,"count":"195"
Answers: "Maltose","correct":false,"count":"319"}]
Answers: "Blowin’ in the Wind","correct":false,"count":"940"
Answers: "Eve of Destruction","correct":false,"count":"280"
Answers: "Turn, Turn, Turn","correct":true,"count":"1,207"}]
Answers: "Best 3D Film","correct":false,"count":"165"
Answers: "Best Dance Performance","correct":false,"count":"436"
Answers: "Best Title Writing","correct":true,"count":"673"}]
Answers: "Underhand","correct":true,"count":"92,899"
Answers: "Overhand","correct":false,"count":"7,729"
Answers: "Doublehand","correct":false,"count":"782"}]
Answers: "Golfer’s elbow","correct":false,"count":"3,968"
Answers: "Tennis elbow","correct":false,"count":"2,893"
Answers: "Soccer elbow","correct":true,"count":"84,833"}]
Answers: "Kristi Yamaguchi","correct":false,"count":"717"
Answers: "David Beckham","correct":false,"count":"532"
Answers: "Tony Hawk","correct":true,"count":"83,106"}]
Answers: "Real Madrid","correct":true,"count":"40,065"
Answers: "Manchester United","correct":false,"count":"11,521"
Answers: "FC Barcelona","correct":false,"count":"25,745"}]
Answers: "North Carolina","correct":false,"count":"4,682"
Answers: "Washington","correct":false,"count":"4,674"
Answers: "Tennessee","correct":true,"count":"29,586"}]
Answers: "Juli Inkster","correct":false,"count":"3,009"
Answers: "Annika Sorenstam","correct":true,"count":"22,338"
Answers: "Inbee Park","correct":false,"count":"4,252"}]
Answers: "Left field / third base","correct":false,"count":"3,184"
Answers: "Left field / first base","correct":false,"count":"4,653"
Answers: "Right field / first base","correct":true,"count":"13,652"}]
Answers: "Maria Sharapova","correct":false,"count":"3,242"
Answers: "Venus Williams","correct":true,"count":"7,809"
Answers: "Caroline Wozniacki","correct":false,"count":"2,706"}]
Answers: "Mavericks","correct":false,"count":"1,786"
Answers: "Hawks","correct":true,"count":"4,328"
Answers: "Suns","correct":false,"count":"1,301"}]
Answers: "Chicago Blackhawks","correct":true,"count":"1,887"
Answers: "New York Rangers","correct":false,"count":"1,712"
Answers: "Philadelphia Flyers","correct":false,"count":"1,038"}]
Answers: "Nationals","correct":false,"count":"233"
Answers: "Red Sox","correct":true,"count":"1,523"
Answers: "Astros","correct":false,"count":"414"}]
Answers: "NASCAR","correct":true,"count":"453"
Answers: "IndyCar","correct":false,"count":"835"
Answers: "Formula 1","correct":false,"count":"234"}]
Answers: "Bitcoin","correct":false,"count":"3,359"
Answers: "Breakfast","correct":true,"count":"485,081"
Answers: "Badminton","correct":false,"count":"1,729"}]
Answers: "In an Uber","correct":false,"count":"5,029"
Answers: "In a hammock","correct":false,"count":"43,878"
Answers: "In a corner","correct":true,"count":"417,595"}]
Answers: "Omelette du fromage!","correct":false,"count":"14,363"
Answers: "Les Misérables!","correct":false,"count":"20,879"
Answers: "Bonne chance!","correct":true,"count":"378,196"}]
Answers: "Henley","correct":true,"count":"146,166"
Answers: "Polo","correct":false,"count":"107,185"
Answers: "Cashmere","correct":false,"count":"118,357"}]
Answers: "Goat","correct":false,"count":"32,120"
Answers: "Fox","correct":false,"count":"24,610"
Answers: "Horse","correct":true,"count":"96,332"}]
Answers: "Chicago","correct":false,"count":"7,433"
Answers: "San Francisco","correct":true,"count":"60,669"
Answers: "Baltimore","correct":false,"count":"30,160"}]
Answers: "Maniac Magee","correct":false,"count":"6,218"
Answers: "Remember Me","correct":false,"count":"19,628"
Answers: "The Giver","correct":true,"count":"33,768"}]
Answers: "Rectangle","correct":false,"count":"9,176"
Answers: "Noun","correct":true,"count":"16,162"
Answers: "Fishing","correct":false,"count":"9,310"}]
Answers: "Battle of Bunker Hill","correct":true,"count":"9,962"
Answers: "Battle of Monmouth","correct":false,"count":"2,295"
Answers: "Battle of Yorktown","correct":false,"count":"4,696"}]
Answers: "Garden State","correct":false,"count":"1,845"
Answers: "Show Me State","correct":true,"count":"5,352"
Answers: "North Star State","correct":false,"count":"3,097"}]
Answers: "The Dukes of Hazzard","correct":false,"count":"948"
Answers: "The Incredible Hulk","correct":true,"count":"2,871"
Answers: "Knight Rider","correct":false,"count":"1,972"}]
Answers: "Sloppy","correct":true,"count":"1,259,415"
Answers: "Goopy","correct":false,"count":"5,259"
Answers: "Floppy","correct":false,"count":"7,170"}]
Answers: "Clarissa Explains It All","correct":true,"count":"1,091,158"
Answers: "Josiah Denies Everything","correct":false,"count":"80,760"
Answers: "Bill Complains a Lot","correct":false,"count":"49,263"}]
Answers: "Nose","correct":true,"count":"885,959"
Answers: "ATM","correct":false,"count":"31,918"
Answers: "Jukebox","correct":false,"count":"169,451"}]
Answers: "That way","correct":true,"count":"889,778"
Answers: "Deep fried","correct":false,"count":"1,850"
Answers: "Loosey-goosey","correct":false,"count":"5,271"}]
Answers: "Romeo + Juliet","correct":false,"count":"37,955"
Answers: "She’s All That","correct":false,"count":"410,220"
Answers: "Clueless","correct":true,"count":"422,360"}]
Answers: "Gak","correct":true,"count":"378,923"
Answers: "Meck","correct":false,"count":"20,079"
Answers: "Floam","correct":false,"count":"68,865"}]
Answers: "Slap bracelet","correct":true,"count":"260,098"
Answers: "Butterfly clip","correct":false,"count":"26,053"
Answers: "Scrunchie","correct":false,"count":"97,077"}]
Answers: "NBA Jam","correct":true,"count":"103,828"
Answers: "Metal Gear Solid","correct":false,"count":"35,815"
Answers: "Tony Hawk’s Pro Skater","correct":false,"count":"129,968"}]
Answers: "Boston","correct":false,"count":"7,682"
Answers: "Los Angeles","correct":false,"count":"71,930"
Answers: "Philadelphia","correct":true,"count":"43,138"}]
Answers: "Life was like","correct":true,"count":"7,134"
Answers: "Life is like","correct":false,"count":"41,926"
Answers: "Life is just","correct":false,"count":"1,611"}]
Answers: "Orange Otters","correct":true,"count":"12,636"
Answers: "Blue Barracudas","correct":false,"count":"985"
Answers: "Purple Parrots","correct":false,"count":"1,252"}]
Answers: "The Sign","correct":false,"count":"2,126"
Answers: "Whip It","correct":true,"count":"8,701"
Answers: "Weird Science","correct":false,"count":"1,789"}]
Answers: "Guava","correct":true,"count":"2,127"
Answers: "Over","correct":false,"count":"5,698"
Answers: "Slam","correct":false,"count":"1,203"}]
Answers: "Atlantis","correct":false,"count":"165"
Answers: "Discovery","correct":true,"count":"2,514"
Answers: "Endeavour","correct":false,"count":"315"}]
Answers: "Ginger Spice","correct":false,"count":"1,051"
Answers: "Baby Spice","correct":false,"count":"975"
Answers: "Sporty Spice","correct":true,"count":"467"}]
Answers: "Bow / arrows","correct":true,"count":"840,911"
Answers: "Fidget spinner","correct":false,"count":"3,482"
Answers: "Thighmaster","correct":false,"count":"1,629"}]
Answers: "Mickey Mouse","correct":false,"count":"11,762"
Answers: "Waldo","correct":false,"count":"35,948"
Answers: "Charlie Brown","correct":true,"count":"784,264"}]
Answers: "Three-horned face","correct":true,"count":"746,996"
Answers: "Egg-laying beast","correct":false,"count":"17,218"
Answers: "Two-toed sloth","correct":false,"count":"12,325"}]
Answers: "Accordion","correct":false,"count":"59,555"
Answers: "Hurdy-Gurdy","correct":false,"count":"20,742"
Answers: "Harmonica","correct":true,"count":"643,197"}]
Answers: "Head","correct":false,"count":"13,106"
Answers: "Legs","correct":false,"count":"63,434"
Answers: "Abdomen","correct":true,"count":"564,519"}]
Answers: "Parrots","correct":false,"count":"127,225"
Answers: "Owls","correct":true,"count":"328,437"
Answers: "Eagles","correct":false,"count":"99,348"}]
Answers: "The Big Unit","correct":false,"count":"106,589"
Answers: "The Big Hurt","correct":false,"count":"54,207"
Answers: "The Big Man","correct":true,"count":"179,565"}]
Answers: "Sacramento","correct":false,"count":"36,922"
Answers: "Austin","correct":false,"count":"51,394"
Answers: "Juneau","correct":true,"count":"80,021"}]
Answers: "Bill","correct":true,"count":"750,369"
Answers: "Samantha","correct":false,"count":"2,326"
Answers: "Mr. Surprise","correct":false,"count":"7,422"}]
Answers: "Water tower","correct":true,"count":"711,580"
Answers: "Clock tower","correct":false,"count":"12,008"
Answers: "Tilted Towers","correct":false,"count":"14,267"}]
Answers: "Fat","correct":false,"count":"23,245"
Answers: "Calories","correct":true,"count":"580,317"
Answers: "Protein","correct":false,"count":"102,883"}]
Answers: "Mammal","correct":true,"count":"464,774"
Answers: "Reptile","correct":false,"count":"20,938"
Answers: "Bird","correct":false,"count":"94,619"}]
Answers: "Tiny-big league","correct":false,"count":"61,268"
Answers: "Mega-minor","correct":false,"count":"170,428"
Answers: "Mini-major","correct":true,"count":"197,482"}]
Answers: "Fall","correct":false,"count":"91,300"
Answers: "Summer","correct":true,"count":"39,275"
Answers: "Spring","correct":false,"count":"76,892"}]
Answers: "The most happy","correct":true,"count":"17,308"
Answers: "The eternally woeful","correct":false,"count":"15,360"
Answers: "The doubtful queen","correct":false,"count":"13,328"}]
Answers: "Ingenuous","correct":true,"count":"9,982"
Answers: "Ingenious","correct":false,"count":"2,512"
Answers: "Disingenuous","correct":false,"count":"5,746"}]
Answers: "Hulk Hogan","correct":false,"count":"2,417"
Answers: "Ricky Steamboat","correct":true,"count":"3,201"
Answers: "The Rock","correct":false,"count":"4,651"}]
Answers: "The Neverending Story","correct":false,"count":"1,550"
Answers: "The Hobbit","correct":true,"count":"1,396"
Answers: "A Game of Thrones","correct":false,"count":"594"}]
Answers: "Chemistry","correct":false,"count":"504"
Answers: "Physics","correct":false,"count":"539"
Answers: "Peace","correct":true,"count":"503"}]
Answers: "Death of a Salesman","correct":false,"count":"202"
Answers: "A View from the Bridge","correct":false,"count":"102"
Answers: "The Crucible","correct":true,"count":"253"}]
Answers: "Solitaire","correct":true,"count":"181,713"
Answers: "Charades","correct":false,"count":"1,437"
Answers: "Tug of war","correct":false,"count":"576"}]
Answers: "Followers","correct":true,"count":"180,411"
Answers: "Disciples","correct":false,"count":"243"
Answers: "Parents","correct":false,"count":"69"}]
Answers: "Billy Goats Gruff","correct":false,"count":"37,116"
Answers: "Blind Mice","correct":false,"count":"4,519"
Answers: "Wild Swans","correct":true,"count":"123,188"}]
Answers: "Pope","correct":true,"count":"95,567"
Answers: "Farmer","correct":false,"count":"19,333"
Answers: "Pharmacist","correct":false,"count":"9,553"}]
Answers: "Norway","correct":true,"count":"52,646"
Answers: "Vietnam","correct":false,"count":"23,105"
Answers: "Senegal","correct":false,"count":"14,312"}]
Answers: "OPEC","correct":false,"count":"7,970"
Answers: "Omaha","correct":true,"count":"42,820"
Answers: "Idaho","correct":false,"count":"2,841"}]
Answers: "Contra","correct":true,"count":"25,279"
Answers: "Metroid","correct":false,"count":"10,872"
Answers: "Mike Tyson’s Punch-Out!!","correct":false,"count":"6,341"}]
Answers: "Johnny Cash","correct":true,"count":"19,954"
Answers: "Elton John","correct":false,"count":"1,303"
Answers: "Steven Tyler","correct":false,"count":"3,800"}]
Answers: "Ronald Reagan","correct":false,"count":"6,373"
Answers: "Franklin D. Roosevelt","correct":false,"count":"3,655"
Answers: "John F. Kennedy","correct":true,"count":"9,646"}]
Answers: "Eileen Swift","correct":false,"count":"1,537"
Answers: "Ellie Riggs","correct":false,"count":"2,102"
Answers: "Christine Campbell","correct":true,"count":"6,446"}]
Answers: "Florida","correct":true,"count":"1,704"
Answers: "New York","correct":false,"count":"3,151"
Answers: "Pennsylvania","correct":false,"count":"1,680"}]
Answers: "Neptune George III","correct":true,"count":"1,429"
Answers: "Napoleon Mars","correct":false,"count":"679"
Answers: "Venus Washington","correct":false,"count":"429"}]
Answers: "Yacht","correct":false,"count":"6,949"
Answers: "Toboggan","correct":true,"count":"515,326"
Answers: "Subway","correct":false,"count":"8,153"}]
Answers: "Larry Bird","correct":false,"count":"6,576"
Answers: "Raven-Symoné","correct":false,"count":"11,018"
Answers: "Edgar Allan Poe","correct":true,"count":"493,889"}]
Answers: "Tiramisu","correct":false,"count":"48,173"
Answers: "Zeppole","correct":true,"count":"277,169"
Answers: "Brasciola","correct":false,"count":"143,947"}]
Answers: "Steinkirk","correct":false,"count":"72,795"
Answers: "Buskin","correct":true,"count":"67,489"
Answers: "Cravat","correct":false,"count":"121,878"}]
Answers: "Skink","correct":true,"count":"45,995"
Answers: "Skroot","correct":false,"count":"20,397"
Answers: "Skonk","correct":false,"count":"7,875"}]
Answers: "Jailhouse Rock","correct":false,"count":"18,390"
Answers: "All Shook Up","correct":false,"count":"7,373"
Answers: "Blue Suede Shoes","correct":true,"count":"19,333"}]
Answers: "Weightlifter","correct":false,"count":"5,104"
Answers: "Supermodel","correct":true,"count":"6,874"
Answers: "Marathoner","correct":false,"count":"7,986"}]
Answers: "Captain Commander","correct":false,"count":"2,515"
Answers: "Capsule Computers","correct":true,"count":"3,383"
Answers: "Capture Competition","correct":false,"count":"1,341"}]
Answers: "Ü","correct":false,"count":"1,653"
Answers: "Aleph","correct":false,"count":"3,265"
Answers: "Z","correct":true,"count":"773,724"}]
Answers: "Diamond ring fish","correct":false,"count":"10,243"
Answers: "Goldfish","correct":true,"count":"752,835"
Answers: "Aluminum foil fish","correct":false,"count":"3,624"}]
Answers: "Step-brother","correct":false,"count":"7,231"
Answers: "Granddaughter","correct":false,"count":"52,419"
Answers: "Cousin","correct":true,"count":"661,545"}]
Answers: "North America","correct":false,"count":"215,133"
Answers: "China","correct":true,"count":"367,376"
Answers: "North Pole","correct":false,"count":"69,922"}]
Answers: "Distant rainbow","correct":false,"count":"27,256"
Answers: "Classical music concert","correct":false,"count":"35,772"
Answers: "Fresh flowers","correct":true,"count":"307,319"}]
Answers: "Cross your arms","correct":true,"count":"289,597"
Answers: "Shake your leg","correct":false,"count":"8,856"
Answers: "Nod your head","correct":false,"count":"9,233"}]
Answers: "Eleanor Roosevelt","correct":false,"count":"30,475"
Answers: "Abigail Adams","correct":true,"count":"115,935"
Answers: "Laura Bush","correct":false,"count":"139,127"}]
Answers: "Pollyanna Principle","correct":true,"count":"91,417"
Answers: "Rosie Rule","correct":false,"count":"16,499"
Answers: "Alexandra Axiom","correct":false,"count":"14,936"}]
Answers: "Crazy in Love","correct":false,"count":"49,036"
Answers: "This Love","correct":false,"count":"23,618"
Answers: "We Found Love","correct":true,"count":"18,759"}]
Answers: "Baby animal","correct":true,"count":"4,368"
Answers: "Greek letter","correct":false,"count":"10,044"
Answers: "German town","correct":false,"count":"7,463"}]
Answers: "Nicki Minaj","correct":false,"count":"1,059"
Answers: "LL Cool J","correct":true,"count":"3,491"
Answers: "Drake","correct":false,"count":"997"}]
Answers: "Parthenon","correct":true,"count":"1,837"
Answers: "Colosseum","correct":false,"count":"743"
Answers: "Pantheon","correct":false,"count":"1,000"}]
Answers: "Six","correct":false,"count":"8,526"
Answers: "27.5","correct":false,"count":"732"
Answers: "10","correct":true,"count":"116,558"}]
Answers: "OKC Thunder","correct":false,"count":"7,928"
Answers: "Cleveland Cavaliers","correct":false,"count":"39,825"
Answers: "Houston Rockets","correct":true,"count":"66,271"}]
Answers: "Left","correct":true,"count":"62,435"
Answers: "Right","correct":false,"count":"2,803"
Answers: "U","correct":false,"count":"1,487"}]
Answers: "British Open","correct":false,"count":"4,110"
Answers: "US Open","correct":false,"count":"4,854"
Answers: "Masters","correct":true,"count":"52,572"}]
Answers: "Batter takes first","correct":true,"count":"45,909"
Answers: "Automatic out","correct":false,"count":"2,634"
Answers: "Do-over","correct":false,"count":"2,416"}]
Answers: "UCLA","correct":false,"count":"2,184"
Answers: "Tennessee","correct":true,"count":"23,051"
Answers: "UConn","correct":false,"count":"20,476"}]
Answers: "Sabermetric","correct":false,"count":"3,175"
Answers: "Stableford","correct":true,"count":"18,214"
Answers: "Freestyle","correct":false,"count":"3,092"}]
Answers: "Major League Soccer","correct":true,"count":"8,735"
Answers: "WNBA","correct":false,"count":"4,456"
Answers: "Major League Lacrosse","correct":false,"count":"4,873"}]
Answers: "Deer","correct":false,"count":"744"
Answers: "Dogs","correct":true,"count":"6,155"
Answers: "Camels","correct":false,"count":"2,352"}]
Answers: "76ers","correct":false,"count":"393"
Answers: "Spurs","correct":false,"count":"2,028"
Answers: "Pistons","correct":true,"count":"3,868"}]
Answers: "Previous year’s record","correct":false,"count":"138"
Answers: "Yellow & red cards","correct":true,"count":"3,345"
Answers: "Strength of schedule","correct":false,"count":"490"}]
Answers: "Blue Wahoos","correct":false,"count":"288"
Answers: "Stink Bugs","correct":true,"count":"2,143"
Answers: "Baby Cakes","correct":false,"count":"898"}]
Answers: "AARP","correct":true,"count":"137,844"
Answers: "Wu-Tang Clan","correct":false,"count":"2,498"
Answers: "NBA","correct":false,"count":"4,181"}]
Answers: "Chicken","correct":false,"count":"6,043"
Answers: "Cow","correct":true,"count":"128,130"
Answers: "Deer","correct":false,"count":"2,733"}]
Answers: "Red","correct":true,"count":"123,611"
Answers: "Blue","correct":false,"count":"1,926"
Answers: "Green","correct":false,"count":"1,806"}]
Answers: "Catches the snitch","correct":true,"count":"113,535"
Answers: "Weezes the juice","correct":false,"count":"1,524"
Answers: "Fakes the funk","correct":false,"count":"656"}]
Answers: "Igneous","correct":true,"count":"71,837"
Answers: "Metamorphic","correct":false,"count":"26,037"
Answers: "Sedimentary","correct":false,"count":"12,895"}]
Answers: "Van Halen’s 1984","correct":false,"count":"17,667"
Answers: "Rush’s 2112","correct":true,"count":"34,208"
Answers: "Prince’s 1999","correct":false,"count":"14,567"}]
Answers: "Vicissitudes","correct":true,"count":"14,088"
Answers: "Dissimilitudes","correct":false,"count":"6,446"
Answers: "Platitudes","correct":false,"count":"13,091"}]
Answers: "World of Warcraft","correct":false,"count":"1,950"
Answers: "The Legend of Zelda","correct":true,"count":"11,716"
Answers: "Castlevania","correct":false,"count":"1,172"}]
Answers: "Headband","correct":true,"count":"4,344"
Answers: "Sandals","correct":false,"count":"5,619"
Answers: "Gloves","correct":false,"count":"1,711"}]
Answers: "To Have and Have Not","correct":true,"count":"1,382"
Answers: "Ordinary People","correct":false,"count":"1,349"
Answers: "On Golden Pond","correct":false,"count":"1,918"}]
Answers: "Heart rate monitor","correct":false,"count":"403"
Answers: "Electric scooters","correct":false,"count":"234"
Answers: "Earbuds","correct":true,"count":"939"}]
Answers: "Steak College","correct":false,"count":"115"
Answers: "Frankfurter State","correct":false,"count":"173"
Answers: "Hamburger University","correct":true,"count":"669"}]
Answers: "Steeple","correct":false,"count":"3,704"
Answers: "Hitchhiker’s thumb","correct":false,"count":"3,270"
Answers: "Scissors","correct":true,"count":"497,272"}]
Answers: "Chip","correct":true,"count":"471,875"
Answers: "Dandruff","correct":false,"count":"7,709"
Answers: "Parrot","correct":false,"count":"13,401"}]
Answers: "Dribble","correct":false,"count":"141,869"
Answers: "Punt","correct":true,"count":"220,901"
Answers: "Balk","correct":false,"count":"77,322"}]
Answers: "Grover","correct":false,"count":"76,933"
Answers: "Snuffleupagus","correct":true,"count":"118,159"
Answers: "Telly","correct":false,"count":"26,741"}]
Answers: "Sn","correct":true,"count":"24,207"
Answers: "Ti","correct":false,"count":"26,380"
Answers: "Fe","correct":false,"count":"68,707"}]
Answers: "Mulan","correct":true,"count":"20,191"
Answers: "The Little Mermaid","correct":false,"count":"5,661"
Answers: "Aladdin","correct":false,"count":"2,244"}]
Answers: "Pacific Ocean","correct":false,"count":"3,990"
Answers: "Gulf of Mexico","correct":false,"count":"6,661"
Answers: "Great Lakes","correct":true,"count":"9,141"}]
Answers: "Tribeca","correct":true,"count":"5,032"
Answers: "Soho","correct":false,"count":"1,823"
Answers: "The Bronx","correct":false,"count":"2,759"}]
Answers: "Pumpkin butter","correct":false,"count":"2,745"
Answers: "Honey","correct":true,"count":"610,677"
Answers: "Marmite","correct":false,"count":"1,794"}]
Answers: "Tony","correct":true,"count":"587,124"
Answers: "Teddy Ruxpin","correct":false,"count":"9,346"
Answers: "Termite infestation","correct":false,"count":"3,669"}]
Answers: "Volleyball","correct":true,"count":"583,235"
Answers: "Tennis","correct":false,"count":"569"
Answers: "Bowling","correct":false,"count":"354"}]
Answers: "Man of La Mancha","correct":true,"count":"421,420"
Answers: "Man of La Bamba","correct":false,"count":"104,670"
Answers: "Man of La Mojo","correct":false,"count":"43,997"}]
Answers: "Charlemagne","correct":true,"count":"233,903"
Answers: "Anne Boleyn","correct":false,"count":"58,274"
Answers: "Joan of Arc","correct":false,"count":"116,175"}]
Answers: "Update the “burn book”","correct":false,"count":"39,942"
Answers: "Wear pink","correct":true,"count":"173,330"
Answers: "Eat carbs","correct":false,"count":"23,027"}]
Answers: "Chakra","correct":false,"count":"19,268"
Answers: "Vibe","correct":false,"count":"17,236"
Answers: "Aura","correct":true,"count":"137,804"}]
Answers: "Beirut","correct":false,"count":"7,296"
Answers: "Ankara","correct":false,"count":"14,398"
Answers: "Jerusalem","correct":true,"count":"116,647"}]
Answers: "Veterans Affairs","correct":false,"count":"53,759"
Answers: "Justice","correct":false,"count":"37,096"
Answers: "Health & Human Services","correct":true,"count":"23,140"}]
Answers: "Michael Imperioli","correct":false,"count":"3,938"
Answers: "Bradley Whitford","correct":false,"count":"7,872"
Answers: "Aaron Paul","correct":true,"count":"17,439"}]
Answers: "Pluto","correct":false,"count":"7,378"
Answers: "Eris","correct":false,"count":"3,369"
Answers: "Ceres","correct":true,"count":"7,181"}]
Answers: "Tonga","correct":true,"count":"4,056"
Answers: "Seychelles","correct":false,"count":"972"
Answers: "Fiji","correct":false,"count":"2,947"}]
Answers: "Mission Impossible","correct":false,"count":"1,732"
Answers: "Intermission","correct":true,"count":"144,061"
Answers: "Intermittent fasting","correct":false,"count":"709"}]
Answers: "Swaddling","correct":true,"count":"140,023"
Answers: "Waffling","correct":false,"count":"1,632"
Answers: "Gosling","correct":false,"count":"1,209"}]
Answers: "New Mexico","correct":false,"count":"11,625"
Answers: "Maine","correct":false,"count":"15,086"
Answers: "Minnesota","correct":true,"count":"108,152"}]
Answers: "Banner","correct":false,"count":"47,270"
Answers: "Standard","correct":true,"count":"54,622"
Answers: "Regular","correct":false,"count":"4,032"}]
Answers: "Tennis","correct":false,"count":"9,354"
Answers: "Soccer","correct":true,"count":"23,566"
Answers: "Baseball","correct":false,"count":"20,804"}]
Answers: "Little Sisters","correct":false,"count":"8,871"
Answers: "Little Friends","correct":false,"count":"3,153"
Answers: "Little Men","correct":true,"count":"13,142"}]
Answers: "Chrysler Building","correct":false,"count":"4,610"
Answers: "Empire State Building","correct":false,"count":"6,890"
Answers: "30 Rockefeller Plaza","correct":true,"count":"1,680"}]
Answers: "Jessica Simpson","correct":false,"count":"763"
Answers: "Mandy Moore","correct":false,"count":"597"
Answers: "Keri Russell","correct":true,"count":"1,138"}]
Answers: "Bilious","correct":false,"count":"61"
Answers: "Vitreous","correct":true,"count":"1,103"
Answers: "Eximious","correct":false,"count":"19"}]
Answers: "Bridesmaids","correct":false,"count":"118"
Answers: "Marie Antoinette","correct":false,"count":"103"
Answers: "Waiting to Exhale","correct":true,"count":"876"}]
Answers: "Austria","correct":true,"count":"233"
Answers: "Netherlands","correct":false,"count":"516"
Answers: "Italy","correct":false,"count":"128"}]
Answers: "Dr. Gregory House","correct":false,"count":"52"
Answers: "Doogie Howser, MD","correct":false,"count":"34"
Answers: "Dr. Doug Ross","correct":true,"count":"187"}]
Answers: "Sex and the City","correct":false,"count":"10,987"
Answers: "Baywatch","correct":false,"count":"6,644"
Answers: "Star Trek","correct":true,"count":"600,357"}]
Answers: "Your Mileage May Vary","correct":true,"count":"466,666"
Answers: "Younger Men Make Veal","correct":false,"count":"40,246"}]
Answers: "Violin","correct":true,"count":"293,721"
Answers: "Oboe","correct":false,"count":"119,616"
Answers: "Trombone","correct":false,"count":"51,419"}]
Answers: "Yellowish-green","correct":true,"count":"139,540"
Answers: "Purplish-blue","correct":false,"count":"61,898"
Answers: "Pinkish-red","correct":false,"count":"95,550"}]
Answers: "Human safety","correct":true,"count":"59,844"
Answers: "Obedience","correct":false,"count":"33,963"
Answers: "Self-preservation","correct":false,"count":"45,852"}]
Answers: "Franz Schubert","correct":false,"count":"15,229"
Answers: "Joseph Haydn","correct":true,"count":"24,966"
Answers: "Franz Liszt","correct":false,"count":"21,800"}]
Answers: "Stack-Up","correct":false,"count":"5,521"
Answers: "Gyromite","correct":false,"count":"6,381"
Answers: "Wrecking Crew","correct":true,"count":"14,710"}]
Answers: "Stuart Little","correct":true,"count":"6,002"
Answers: "The Wind in the Willows","correct":false,"count":"4,469"
Answers: "A Wrinkle in Time","correct":false,"count":"3,443"}]
Answers: "Dinotopia","correct":false,"count":"36,899"
Answers: "Wakanda","correct":true,"count":"866,535"
Answers: "Canada","correct":false,"count":"11,360"}]
Answers: "Party of elves","correct":false,"count":"17,495"
Answers: "Tornado","correct":true,"count":"835,933"
Answers: "DeLorean","correct":false,"count":"6,621"}]
Answers: "Owls","correct":true,"count":"749,580"
Answers: "Dragons","correct":false,"count":"19,600"
Answers: "Goblins","correct":false,"count":"62,610"}]
Answers: "Eye of the Tiger","correct":true,"count":"720,386"
Answers: "You’re the Best","correct":false,"count":"17,568"
Answers: "Under Pressure","correct":false,"count":"11,822"}]
Answers: "The Devil Wears Prada","correct":true,"count":"401,516"
Answers: "Batman and Robin","correct":false,"count":"140,419"
Answers: "Zoolander","correct":false,"count":"170,347"}]
Answers: "Pinkett Smith / Latifah","correct":true,"count":"231,765"
Answers: "Latifah / Haddish","correct":false,"count":"111,857"
Answers: "Haddish / Hall","correct":false,"count":"52,604"}]
Answers: "Obi-Wan Kenobi","correct":false,"count":"169,449"
Answers: "Han Solo","correct":true,"count":"36,348"
Answers: "Princess Leia","correct":false,"count":"30,179"}]
Answers: "Eat dinner","correct":true,"count":"18,215"
Answers: "Make an angry phone call","correct":false,"count":"20,914"
Answers: "Watch TV","correct":false,"count":"10,987"}]
Answers: "Cinema Paradiso","correct":false,"count":"4,816"
Answers: "The Bicycle Thief","correct":false,"count":"2,935"
Answers: "La Dolce Vita","correct":true,"count":"12,472"}]
Answers: "Good evening, Clarice.","correct":false,"count":"3,346"
Answers: "Hello, Clarice.","correct":false,"count":"8,418"
Answers: "Good morning.","correct":true,"count":"1,053"}]
Answers: "Finding Nemo","correct":false,"count":"800"
Answers: "Deep Blue Sea","correct":false,"count":"680"
Answers: "The Shallows","correct":true,"count":"351"}]
Answers: "I’m glad you’re with me.","correct":false,"count":"126"
Answers: "Follow me.","correct":false,"count":"158"
Answers: "Well, I’m back.","correct":true,"count":"129"}]
Answers: "Sidewalks","correct":false,"count":"1,943"
Answers: "Telephone wires","correct":false,"count":"1,273"
Answers: "Roads","correct":true,"count":"441,476"}]
Answers: "East","correct":true,"count":"411,182"
Answers: "South","correct":false,"count":"10,207"
Answers: "North West","correct":false,"count":"13,507"}]
Answers: "Allen wrench","correct":false,"count":"7,770"
Answers: "Power drill","correct":false,"count":"8,349"
Answers: "Screwdriver","correct":true,"count":"392,413"}]
Answers: "Lope","correct":false,"count":"2,509"
Answers: "Walk","correct":true,"count":"372,025"
Answers: "Stride","correct":false,"count":"11,320"}]
Answers: "Cat","correct":false,"count":"158,986"
Answers: "Platypus","correct":true,"count":"190,542"
Answers: "Zebra","correct":false,"count":"13,538"}]
Answers: "Foreign-owned","correct":false,"count":"22,028"
Answers: "Government-owned","correct":false,"count":"26,615"
Answers: "Multiple companies","correct":true,"count":"141,265"}]
Answers: "Vin Diesel","correct":true,"count":"88,366"
Answers: "Dwayne Johnson","correct":false,"count":"21,019"
Answers: "John Cena","correct":false,"count":"31,190"}]
Answers: "Rock Candy Slide","correct":false,"count":"24,276"
Answers: "Malted Milk Falls","correct":false,"count":"10,998"
Answers: "Molasses Swamp","correct":true,"count":"51,569"}]
Answers: "Stephen King","correct":true,"count":"20,077"
Answers: "Arthur C. Clarke","correct":false,"count":"17,556"
Answers: "William Goldman","correct":false,"count":"12,669"}]
Answers: "Argentina","correct":true,"count":"10,113"
Answers: "Armenia","correct":false,"count":"5,514"
Answers: "Austria","correct":false,"count":"5,272"}]
Answers: "Turn 75 in office","correct":true,"count":"3,456"
Answers: "Chair the RNC","correct":false,"count":"2,307"
Answers: "Be born in a hospital","correct":false,"count":"4,052"}]
Answers: "Gone Girl","correct":false,"count":"807"
Answers: "The Girl on the Train","correct":false,"count":"1,086"
Answers: "Station Eleven","correct":true,"count":"2,119"}]
Answers: "Old shoe","correct":false,"count":"2,677"
Answers: "Irish stew","correct":false,"count":"2,024"
Answers: "Glue","correct":true,"count":"533,887"}]
Answers: "Neck","correct":false,"count":"9,658"
Answers: "Waist","correct":false,"count":"15,780"
Answers: "Wrist","correct":true,"count":"503,051"}]
Answers: "Leonardo DiCaprio","correct":false,"count":"66,331"
Answers: "Will Smith","correct":false,"count":"36,150"
Answers: "Tom Hanks","correct":true,"count":"388,777"}]
Answers: "Gas","correct":false,"count":"54,519"
Answers: "Kayfabe","correct":true,"count":"101,373"
Answers: "House show","correct":false,"count":"218,176"}]
Answers: "Ohm","correct":true,"count":"79,636"
Answers: "Volt","correct":false,"count":"12,638"
Answers: "Amp","correct":false,"count":"16,648"}]
Answers: "Washington","correct":false,"count":"7,119"
Answers: "Hawaii","correct":false,"count":"54,982"
Answers: "Alaska","correct":true,"count":"18,233"}]
Answers: "X","correct":false,"count":"6,364"
Answers: "W","correct":false,"count":"6,490"
Answers: "R","correct":true,"count":"9,083"}]
Answers: "Cristiano Ronaldo","correct":false,"count":"1,792"
Answers: "Kylie Jenner","correct":true,"count":"4,449"
Answers: "Beyoncé","correct":false,"count":"3,540"}]
Answers: "Igloo","correct":true,"count":"530,388"
Answers: "Waterloo","correct":false,"count":"2,466"
Answers: "Skip to my loo","correct":false,"count":"967"}]
Answers: "Ultraviolet radiation","correct":true,"count":"523,677"
Answers: "University of Vermont","correct":false,"count":"975"
Answers: "Underwater vermin","correct":false,"count":"547"}]
Answers: "555","correct":true,"count":"438,389"
Answers: "321","correct":false,"count":"19,815"
Answers: "888","correct":false,"count":"58,439"}]
Answers: "2 dollars","correct":false,"count":"61,609"
Answers: "1 dollar","correct":true,"count":"307,169"
Answers: "50 cents","correct":false,"count":"64,279"}]
Answers: "Sweet and sour","correct":false,"count":"51,422"
Answers: "Honey mustard","correct":false,"count":"37,168"
Answers: "Szechuan","correct":true,"count":"216,104"}]
Answers: "Michael Collins","correct":false,"count":"122,619"
Answers: "John Glenn","correct":true,"count":"73,203"
Answers: "Buzz Aldrin","correct":false,"count":"18,618"}]
Answers: "A graveyard","correct":true,"count":"60,482"
Answers: "A wedding","correct":false,"count":"11,212"
Answers: "The director’s house","correct":false,"count":"6,241"}]
Answers: "Mistress","correct":false,"count":"35,164"
Answers: "Singer","correct":false,"count":"6,983"
Answers: "Caricaturist","correct":true,"count":"18,344"}]
Answers: "Nicki Minaj","correct":true,"count":"13,592"
Answers: "Beyoncé","correct":false,"count":"3,788"
Answers: "Cardi B","correct":false,"count":"2,807"}]
Answers: "Mischa Barton","correct":false,"count":"2,084"
Answers: "Orlando Bloom","correct":true,"count":"7,403"
Answers: "Nicole Richie","correct":false,"count":"4,343"}]
Answers: "Omnishambles","correct":false,"count":"1,137"
Answers: "Bovvered","correct":false,"count":"1,212"
Answers: "Innit","correct":true,"count":"5,307"}]
Answers: "Some Like It Hot","correct":false,"count":"3,005"
Answers: "Casablanca","correct":true,"count":"1,653"
Answers: "Sunset Boulevard","correct":false,"count":"838"}]
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"2,243"
Answers: "Bowling","correct":true,"count":"110,560"
Answers: "Golf","correct":false,"count":"2,550"}]
Answers: "Curling","correct":true,"count":"107,754"
Answers: "Ski jumping","correct":false,"count":"778"
Answers: "400m hurdles","correct":false,"count":"840"}]
Answers: "Stolen bases","correct":true,"count":"78,478"
Answers: "RBI","correct":false,"count":"8,091"
Answers: "Batting average","correct":false,"count":"16,664"}]
Answers: "Kevin Durant","correct":true,"count":"51,041"
Answers: "Steph Curry","correct":false,"count":"9,221"
Answers: "Klay Thompson","correct":false,"count":"17,112"}]
Answers: "Jose Altuve","correct":false,"count":"3,865"
Answers: "Mookie Betts","correct":false,"count":"10,313"
Answers: "Lewis Brinson","correct":true,"count":"34,723"}]
Answers: "Brooks Koepka","correct":true,"count":"18,476"
Answers: "Bubba Watson","correct":false,"count":"8,990"
Answers: "Tiger Woods","correct":false,"count":"7,357"}]
Answers: "Tom Brady","correct":true,"count":"14,966"
Answers: "Aaron Rodgers","correct":false,"count":"4,107"
Answers: "Matt Ryan","correct":false,"count":"407"}]
Answers: "Runner who passes","correct":true,"count":"5,206"
Answers: "Runner who gets passed","correct":false,"count":"4,913"
Answers: "Both","correct":false,"count":"3,872"}]
Answers: "USA","correct":false,"count":"838"
Answers: "Romania","correct":true,"count":"3,402"
Answers: "Denmark","correct":false,"count":"1,540"}]
Answers: "Chicago","correct":false,"count":"1,190"
Answers: "Boston","correct":false,"count":"708"
Answers: "New York City","correct":true,"count":"1,606"}]
Answers: "Brazil","correct":false,"count":"693"
Answers: "Germany","correct":true,"count":"668"
Answers: "Norway","correct":false,"count":"328"}]
Answers: "AI","correct":false,"count":"144"
Answers: "Dr. J","correct":true,"count":"303"
Answers: "Shaq","correct":false,"count":"282"}]
Answers: "Ice hockey","correct":true,"count":"386,877"
Answers: "Baseball","correct":false,"count":"1,115"
Answers: "Horse racing","correct":false,"count":"1,857"}]
Answers: "E Pluribus Unum","correct":true,"count":"362,917"
Answers: "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida","correct":false,"count":"13,099"
Answers: "Bawitdaba","correct":false,"count":"3,661"}]
Answers: "Lake Erie","correct":false,"count":"161,561"
Answers: "Lake Huron","correct":false,"count":"129,861"
Answers: "Lake Ontario","correct":true,"count":"55,860"}]
Answers: "Aztec","correct":false,"count":"4,580"
Answers: "German","correct":true,"count":"39,965"
Answers: "Ottoman","correct":false,"count":"20,016"}]
Answers: "Cennter","correct":false,"count":"324"
Answers: "Senter","correct":false,"count":"617"
Answers: "Centre","correct":true,"count":"39,691"}]
Answers: "Judd Apatow","correct":false,"count":"6,265"
Answers: "Kevin Smith","correct":true,"count":"27,496"
Answers: "Harold Ramis","correct":false,"count":"4,490"}]
Answers: "In an elevator","correct":false,"count":"9,850"
Answers: "On the moon","correct":true,"count":"6,900"
Answers: "Underwater","correct":false,"count":"9,840"}]
Answers: "Roses","correct":true,"count":"4,135"
Answers: "Mustard","correct":false,"count":"2,581"
Answers: "Beets","correct":false,"count":"1,567"}]
Answers: "The Mummy","correct":false,"count":"1,572"
Answers: "Silver Linings Playbook","correct":false,"count":"1,272"
Answers: "Sideways","correct":true,"count":"1,396"}]
Answers: "Burj Khalifa","correct":false,"count":"169"
Answers: "Sydney Opera House","correct":true,"count":"1,174"
Answers: "Wembley Stadium","correct":false,"count":"385"}]
Answers: "Alfred Nobel","correct":false,"count":"141"
Answers: "Nikola Tesla","correct":true,"count":"945"
Answers: "Albert Einstein","correct":false,"count":"104"}]
Answers: "Interscope","correct":false,"count":"159"
Answers: "Def Jam","correct":true,"count":"628"
Answers: "Geffen","correct":false,"count":"145"}]
Answers: "Bird","correct":true,"count":"445,569"
Answers: "Otter","correct":false,"count":"2,281"
Answers: "Worm","correct":false,"count":"1,775"}]
Answers: "Beach Commanders","correct":false,"count":"3,580"
Answers: "Coast Guard","correct":true,"count":"434,611"
Answers: "Wave Watchers","correct":false,"count":"1,982"}]
Answers: "Question mark","correct":false,"count":"5,433"
Answers: "Exclamation mark","correct":true,"count":"423,205"
Answers: "Semicolon","correct":false,"count":"2,738"}]
Answers: "Botswana","correct":false,"count":"75,389"
Answers: "Indonesia","correct":true,"count":"303,856"
Answers: "Afghanistan","correct":false,"count":"38,274"}]
Answers: "First quarter","correct":false,"count":"132,356"
Answers: "Waxing crescent","correct":true,"count":"125,945"
Answers: "Waning gibbous","correct":false,"count":"42,656"}]
Answers: "Beef Bourguignon","correct":false,"count":"17,482"
Answers: "Beef Wellington","correct":true,"count":"105,625"
Answers: "Beef Stroganoff","correct":false,"count":"9,243"}]
Answers: "Table tennis","correct":true,"count":"58,553"
Answers: "Golf","correct":false,"count":"12,398"
Answers: "Yoga","correct":false,"count":"33,105"}]
Answers: "Ben Affleck","correct":false,"count":"7,892"
Answers: "Alec Baldwin","correct":false,"count":"17,193"
Answers: "Christian Bale","correct":true,"count":"34,566"}]
Answers: "Gauntlet","correct":false,"count":"17,920"
Answers: "Galaxian","correct":false,"count":"10,014"
Answers: "Gorf","correct":true,"count":"7,478"}]
Answers: "Tokyo","correct":false,"count":"2,995"
Answers: "Beijing","correct":false,"count":"1,018"
Answers: "Taipei","correct":true,"count":"4,729"}]
Answers: "Race Against Time","correct":false,"count":"713"
Answers: "Fire on the Mountain","correct":false,"count":"2,266"
Answers: "Shadows and Tall Trees","correct":true,"count":"1,817"}]
Answers: "Wisdom","correct":false,"count":"506"
Answers: "Hunting","correct":true,"count":"929"
Answers: "Agriculture","correct":false,"count":"580"}]
Answers: "Kindling","correct":true,"count":"967,003"
Answers: "We Bought a Zoo DVD","correct":false,"count":"4,825"
Answers: "Justin Trudeau's smile","correct":false,"count":"2,068"}]
Answers: "Sunny Side Up","correct":true,"count":"955,736"
Answers: "Scattered Clouds","correct":false,"count":"5,069"
Answers: "Thunderstorm Down","correct":false,"count":"1,839"}]
Answers: "Moana","correct":false,"count":"102,381"
Answers: "Coraline","correct":false,"count":"233,063"
Answers: "Ratatouille","correct":true,"count":"591,352"}]
Answers: "Light time emergence","correct":false,"count":"188,159"
Answers: "Long term evolution","correct":true,"count":"133,711"
Answers: "Layered terminal element","correct":false,"count":"279,475"}]
Answers: "Prairie wind","correct":true,"count":"61,522"
Answers: "Mountain range","correct":false,"count":"37,380"
Answers: "Winter hat","correct":false,"count":"96,412"}]
Answers: "France","correct":true,"count":"34,223"
Answers: "Germany","correct":false,"count":"12,448"
Answers: "Bulgaria","correct":false,"count":"27,175"}]
Answers: "Prime Minister's Day","correct":false,"count":"6,137"
Answers: "Dominion Day","correct":true,"count":"26,713"
Answers: "Boxing Day","correct":false,"count":"4,549"}]
Answers: "LMFAO","correct":true,"count":"4,553"
Answers: "Backstreet Boys","correct":false,"count":"5,054"
Answers: "Adele","correct":false,"count":"17,261"}]
Answers: "Theology","correct":false,"count":"3,779"
Answers: "Law","correct":false,"count":"4,001"
Answers: "Medicine","correct":true,"count":"1,393"}]
Answers: "Moscow","correct":false,"count":"96"
Answers: "Beijing","correct":true,"count":"1,695"
Answers: "Tokyo","correct":false,"count":"218"}]
Answers: "Bye Bye Birdie","correct":false,"count":"238"
Answers: "Mary Poppins","correct":true,"count":"997"
Answers: "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang","correct":false,"count":"441"}]
Answers: "Garbage bag","correct":false,"count":"102"
Answers: "Kitchen sponge","correct":true,"count":"431"
Answers: "Egg carton","correct":false,"count":"101"}]
Answers: "By turning","correct":true,"count":"436,829"
Answers: "By squishing","correct":false,"count":"1,749"
Answers: "By yelling","correct":false,"count":"714"}]
Answers: "Dead Man’s Chest","correct":true,"count":"373,116"
Answers: "X Marks the Spot","correct":false,"count":"11,919"
Answers: "Davy Jones’ Locker","correct":false,"count":"41,920"}]
Answers: "2:30","correct":true,"count":"173,623"
Answers: "6:12","correct":false,"count":"141,437"
Answers: "5:40","correct":false,"count":"7,539"}]
Answers: "Bahrain","correct":false,"count":"54,853"
Answers: "United Arab Emirates","correct":false,"count":"41,960"
Answers: "Yemen","correct":true,"count":"83,820"}]
Answers: "Accurate clock","correct":true,"count":"13,661"
Answers: "Model of Earth’s tilt","correct":false,"count":"33,845"
Answers: "Lunar atlas","correct":false,"count":"36,263"}]
Answers: "Tonic water","correct":true,"count":"12,506"
Answers: "Birch beer","correct":false,"count":"2,577"
Answers: "Cream soda","correct":false,"count":"2,681"}]
Answers: "Carbon","correct":true,"count":"6,339"
Answers: "Gold","correct":false,"count":"1,105"
Answers: "Silicon","correct":false,"count":"5,032"}]
Answers: "Rain gutter","correct":false,"count":"2,428"
Answers: "Diving board","correct":false,"count":"1,487"
Answers: "Plumber’s helper","correct":true,"count":"2,759"}]
Answers: "Bird professor","correct":false,"count":"2,437"
Answers: "Word processor","correct":true,"count":"560,507"
Answers: "Nerd confessor","correct":false,"count":"1,861"}]
Answers: "Pikachu","correct":false,"count":"15,616"
Answers: "Wonder Woman","correct":true,"count":"532,566"
Answers: "Baby Groot","correct":false,"count":"7,014"}]
Answers: "Pie fight","correct":false,"count":"12,677"
Answers: "High fidelity","correct":true,"count":"468,021"
Answers: "My wife","correct":false,"count":"42,493"}]
Answers: "Prepare to stop","correct":false,"count":"6,875"
Answers: "Activate headlights","correct":false,"count":"2,968"
Answers: "Change lanes carefully","correct":true,"count":"456,293"}]
Answers: "United States / Canada","correct":true,"count":"157,162"
Answers: "Brazil / Argentina","correct":false,"count":"93,145"
Answers: "Russia / China","correct":false,"count":"172,138"}]
Answers: "Foal","correct":false,"count":"42,087"
Answers: "Colt","correct":true,"count":"116,454"
Answers: "Yearling","correct":false,"count":"14,972"}]
Answers: "Norway","correct":false,"count":"42,735"
Answers: "France","correct":false,"count":"23,262"
Answers: "Germany","correct":true,"count":"52,518"}]
Answers: "Seashell","correct":false,"count":"32,367"
Answers: "Jellyfish","correct":false,"count":"14,758"
Answers: "Algae","correct":true,"count":"8,700"}]
Answers: "Sheer Freesia","correct":false,"count":"4,307"
Answers: "Sensual Amber","correct":false,"count":"3,016"
Answers: "Sunset Jade","correct":true,"count":"4,054"}]
Answers: "Blind Man’s Bluff","correct":false,"count":"763"
Answers: "Hide and Seek","correct":false,"count":"1,772"
Answers: "Rock Paper Scissors","correct":true,"count":"2,292"}]
Answers: "Tiger swallowtail","correct":true,"count":"2,044"
Answers: "Mourning cloak","correct":false,"count":"263"
Answers: "White admiral","correct":false,"count":"339"}]
Answers: "Whitney Houston","correct":true,"count":"1,096"
Answers: "Beyoncé","correct":false,"count":"187"
Answers: "Mariah Carey","correct":false,"count":"751"}]
Answers: "The dark web","correct":false,"count":"2,292"
Answers: "Times Square","correct":false,"count":"2,793"
Answers: "Grandmother’s house","correct":true,"count":"135,810"}]
Answers: "Graphing paper","correct":false,"count":"668"
Answers: "Graphite","correct":true,"count":"134,364"
Answers: "Pie graphs","correct":false,"count":"305"}]
Answers: "Frodo Baggins","correct":true,"count":"124,819"
Answers: "Conestoga Waggins","correct":false,"count":"3,325"
Answers: "Komodo Draggins","correct":false,"count":"3,736"}]
Answers: "Bones","correct":false,"count":"11,701"
Answers: "America’s Most Wanted","correct":false,"count":"23,912"
Answers: "Grey’s Anatomy","correct":true,"count":"86,603"}]
Answers: "Woodwind","correct":false,"count":"23,427"
Answers: "Brass","correct":false,"count":"13,443"
Answers: "Percussion","correct":true,"count":"49,197"}]
Answers: "Made from pig milk","correct":false,"count":"10,703"
Answers: "Contains live maggots","correct":true,"count":"22,393"
Answers: "Aged more than 16 years","correct":false,"count":"14,112"}]
Answers: "Sad Keanu","correct":false,"count":"4,216"
Answers: "Keyboard Cat","correct":true,"count":"17,256"
Answers: "Dat boi","correct":false,"count":"2,325"}]
Answers: "Yeast","correct":false,"count":"3,929"
Answers: "Hops","correct":true,"count":"8,779"
Answers: "Starches","correct":false,"count":"4,592"}]
Answers: "France","correct":false,"count":"2,196"
Answers: "Poland","correct":false,"count":"5,595"
Answers: "England","correct":true,"count":"2,118"}]
Answers: "Carbon dioxide","correct":false,"count":"697"
Answers: "Oxygen","correct":true,"count":"1,647"
Answers: "Nitrogen","correct":false,"count":"356"}]
Answers: "Illinois","correct":false,"count":"187"
Answers: "Virginia","correct":true,"count":"465"
Answers: "Wyoming","correct":false,"count":"1,040"}]
Answers: "One orange","correct":false,"count":"180"
Answers: "One tomato","correct":false,"count":"246"
Answers: "One apple","correct":true,"count":"113"}]
Answers: "Heat dome","correct":true,"count":"489,928"
Answers: "Ice shelf","correct":false,"count":"17,102"
Answers: "Freezy frenzy","correct":false,"count":"4,990"}]
Answers: "Boxers","correct":false,"count":"30,009"
Answers: "Briefs","correct":true,"count":"448,357"
Answers: "Commando","correct":false,"count":"7,423"}]
Answers: "Spaghetti hash","correct":false,"count":"2,625"
Answers: "Sweaty rash","correct":false,"count":"1,877"
Answers: "Petty cash","correct":true,"count":"442,482"}]
Answers: "Almonds","correct":true,"count":"315,643"
Answers: "Peanuts","correct":false,"count":"22,013"
Answers: "Pecans","correct":false,"count":"100,524"}]
Answers: "-ing","correct":true,"count":"176,322"
Answers: "-ed","correct":false,"count":"71,636"
Answers: "-er","correct":false,"count":"67,756"}]
Answers: "Ten plagues of Egypt","correct":false,"count":"52,516"
Answers: "Three Wise Men","correct":true,"count":"78,495"
Answers: "Two Tablets of Stone","correct":false,"count":"47,555"}]
Answers: "Seychelles","correct":false,"count":"44,153"
Answers: "Angola","correct":false,"count":"6,839"
Answers: "East Timor","correct":true,"count":"34,094"}]
Answers: "Greg LeMond","correct":true,"count":"16,691"
Answers: "Eddy Merckx","correct":false,"count":"3,950"
Answers: "Lance Armstrong","correct":false,"count":"15,648"}]
Answers: "Momentum","correct":false,"count":"4,246"
Answers: "Acceleration","correct":false,"count":"2,619"
Answers: "Velocity","correct":true,"count":"11,945"}]
Answers: "Flush","correct":true,"count":"8,165"
Answers: "Chance","correct":false,"count":"3,182"
Answers: "Full house","correct":false,"count":"1,059"}]
Answers: "Someone Like You","correct":false,"count":"2,796"
Answers: "Just Dance","correct":true,"count":"2,257"
Answers: "Ray of Light","correct":false,"count":"3,266"}]
Answers: "Shakespeare in Love","correct":true,"count":"871"
Answers: "Gladiator","correct":false,"count":"787"
Answers: "American Beauty","correct":false,"count":"1,099"}]
Answers: "Justice League","correct":false,"count":"1,854"
Answers: "National League","correct":true,"count":"117,467"
Answers: "Human League","correct":false,"count":"499"}]
Answers: "Bowler","correct":false,"count":"15,144"
Answers: "Butler","correct":true,"count":"94,255"
Answers: "Batsman","correct":false,"count":"6,173"}]
Answers: "JaVale McGee","correct":false,"count":"11,935"
Answers: "Lance Stephenson","correct":false,"count":"12,108"
Answers: "Paul George","correct":true,"count":"67,274"}]
Answers: "Maple Leafs","correct":true,"count":"61,058"
Answers: "Maple Leaves","correct":false,"count":"5,200"
Answers: "Canadiens","correct":false,"count":"1,074"}]
Answers: "Earl Thomas","correct":false,"count":"8,076"
Answers: "Richard Sherman","correct":false,"count":"15,083"
Answers: "Kam Chancellor","correct":true,"count":"37,359"}]
Answers: "Wears street clothes","correct":true,"count":"27,055"
Answers: "Apologizes to umpire","correct":false,"count":"3,015"
Answers: "Does not cheer for team","correct":false,"count":"3,896"}]
Answers: "Sloane Stephens","correct":true,"count":"16,253"
Answers: "Madison Keys","correct":false,"count":"4,123"
Answers: "Serena Williams","correct":false,"count":"7,608"}]
Answers: "Spitting","correct":true,"count":"9,977"
Answers: "Log flipping","correct":false,"count":"5,606"
Answers: "Dog racing","correct":false,"count":"1,243"}]
Answers: "Lewis Hamilton","correct":false,"count":"2,862"
Answers: "Michael Schumacher","correct":true,"count":"6,753"
Answers: "Ayrton Senna","correct":false,"count":"965"}]
Answers: "Joe DiMaggio","correct":false,"count":"1,143"
Answers: "Lou Gehrig","correct":true,"count":"3,776"
Answers: "Ted Williams","correct":false,"count":"2,070"}]
Answers: "Rex Ryan","correct":false,"count":"802"
Answers: "Bill Belichick","correct":true,"count":"712"
Answers: "Bill Parcells","correct":false,"count":"2,427"}]
Answers: "Hungary","correct":false,"count":"169"
Answers: "Argentina","correct":false,"count":"289"
Answers: "Netherlands","correct":true,"count":"585"}]
Answers: "Freckle","correct":false,"count":"1,283"
Answers: "Tattoo","correct":false,"count":"861"
Answers: "Hickey","correct":true,"count":"117,034"}]
Answers: "Maine","correct":false,"count":"9,450"
Answers: "Manhattan","correct":true,"count":"106,306"
Answers: "Kansas","correct":false,"count":"513"}]
Answers: "Photography","correct":true,"count":"56,650"
Answers: "Cooking","correct":false,"count":"42,955"
Answers: "Running","correct":false,"count":"5,231"}]
Answers: "The Outsiders","correct":false,"count":"10,460"
Answers: "Lord of the Flies","correct":false,"count":"27,753"
Answers: "Watership Down","correct":true,"count":"17,196"}]
Answers: "Blue","correct":true,"count":"19,438"
Answers: "Orange","correct":false,"count":"330"
Answers: "Pink","correct":false,"count":"381"}]
Answers: "One year","correct":false,"count":"9,385"
Answers: "One month","correct":true,"count":"2,342"
Answers: "One day","correct":false,"count":"4,482"}]
Answers: "Zombies","correct":true,"count":"2,396"
Answers: "Werewolves","correct":false,"count":"932"
Answers: "Vampires","correct":false,"count":"299"}]
Answers: "Dutch","correct":false,"count":"1,562"
Answers: "German","correct":true,"count":"832"
Answers: "Norwegian","correct":false,"count":"76"}]
Answers: "The Mask","correct":true,"count":"344"
Answers: "Ace Ventura","correct":false,"count":"412"
Answers: "The Cable Guy","correct":false,"count":"178"}]
Answers: "Nancy Reagan","correct":false,"count":"168"
Answers: "Freddie Mercury","correct":true,"count":"116"
Answers: "Pope John Paul II","correct":false,"count":"106"}]
Answers: "Civil War","correct":true,"count":"36"
Answers: "Revolutionary War","correct":false,"count":"49"
Answers: "Mexican-American War","correct":false,"count":"50"}]
Answers: "Sturgeons","correct":false,"count":"14"
Answers: "Sharks","correct":true,"count":"26"
Answers: "Whales","correct":false,"count":"14"}]
Answers: "Bird’s nest soup","correct":false,"count":"4,316"
Answers: "Swedish meatballs","correct":false,"count":"3,538"
Answers: "Apple pie","correct":true,"count":"382,259"}]
Answers: "All the time","correct":true,"count":"373,746"
Answers: "Daytime","correct":false,"count":"4,924"
Answers: "Weekends only","correct":false,"count":"664"}]
Answers: "Baseball","correct":true,"count":"365,962"
Answers: "Marco Polo","correct":false,"count":"4,440"
Answers: "Laser tag","correct":false,"count":"712"}]
Answers: "Talladega Superspeedway","correct":true,"count":"183,402"
Answers: "Yankee Stadium","correct":false,"count":"77,001"
Answers: "Churchill Downs","correct":false,"count":"84,531"}]
Answers: "Beer Insurrection","correct":false,"count":"5,648"
Answers: "Gin Uprising","correct":false,"count":"10,211"
Answers: "Whiskey Rebellion","correct":true,"count":"175,349"}]
Answers: "Quotient","correct":true,"count":"112,669"
Answers: "Product","correct":false,"count":"38,803"
Answers: "Difference","correct":false,"count":"21,584"}]
Answers: "Pippledunk","correct":false,"count":"15,881"
Answers: "Whangdoodle","correct":false,"count":"24,121"
Answers: "Bumbershoot","correct":true,"count":"69,491"}]
Answers: "Michigan","correct":false,"count":"22,781"
Answers: "Auburn","correct":false,"count":"21,700"
Answers: "Ole Miss","correct":true,"count":"24,297"}]
Answers: "Royal palace","correct":true,"count":"4,193"
Answers: "Oldest US city","correct":false,"count":"13,114"
Answers: "Largest US ranch","correct":false,"count":"10,133"}]
Answers: "Holden Caulfield","correct":false,"count":"2,463"
Answers: "Billy Pilgrim","correct":false,"count":"2,258"
Answers: "Milo Minderbinder","correct":true,"count":"1,230"}]
Answers: "Leo","correct":false,"count":"74"
Answers: "Taurus","correct":false,"count":"332"
Answers: "Capricorn","correct":true,"count":"1,188"}]
Answers: "George","correct":false,"count":"150"
Answers: "Steven","correct":false,"count":"131"
Answers: "Bruce","correct":true,"count":"924"}]
Answers: "Red","correct":false,"count":"3,709"
Answers: "Mauve","correct":true,"count":"737,082"
Answers: "White","correct":false,"count":"1,059"}]
Answers: "Country","correct":true,"count":"724,485"
Answers: "Cactus","correct":false,"count":"3,364"
Answers: "Cassingle collection","correct":false,"count":"1,912"}]
Answers: "Put my hands up","correct":true,"count":"611,839"
Answers: "Stick your hands up","correct":false,"count":"72,252"
Answers: "Get these hands off me","correct":false,"count":"23,169"}]
Answers: "Americans","correct":true,"count":"190,442"
Answers: "British","correct":false,"count":"405,840"
Answers: "Italians","correct":false,"count":"15,724"}]
Answers: "Milhouse Van Houten","correct":true,"count":"164,256"
Answers: "Bart Simpson","correct":false,"count":"27,656"
Answers: "Monty Burns","correct":false,"count":"36,009"}]
Answers: "Brooklyn","correct":true,"count":"44,820"
Answers: "Queens","correct":false,"count":"21,100"
Answers: "Staten Island","correct":false,"count":"101,971"}]
Answers: "Silent Cal","correct":true,"count":"20,368"
Answers: "Uncle Jumbo","correct":false,"count":"10,549"
Answers: "Old Rough and Ready","correct":false,"count":"24,202"}]
Answers: "US Naval Academy","correct":false,"count":"11,938"
Answers: "US Military Academy","correct":true,"count":"6,790"
Answers: "Air Force Academy","correct":false,"count":"3,968"}]
Answers: "Missouri","correct":true,"count":"2,040"
Answers: "Oklahoma","correct":false,"count":"3,054"
Answers: "Indiana","correct":false,"count":"2,866"}]
Answers: "Plane","correct":false,"count":"556"
Answers: "Train","correct":false,"count":"975"
Answers: "Automobile","correct":true,"count":"924"}]
Answers: "First official US flag","correct":false,"count":"204"
Answers: "US Senate","correct":false,"count":"142"
Answers: "Liberty Bell","correct":true,"count":"672"}]
Answers: "Mankind","correct":true,"count":"421"
Answers: "Fight","correct":false,"count":"98"
Answers: "American","correct":false,"count":"148"}]
Answers: "Roll","correct":true,"count":"117,760"
Answers: "Wave","correct":false,"count":"960"
Answers: "Boogie","correct":false,"count":"705"}]
Answers: "Beats per minute","correct":false,"count":"442"
Answers: "Meters per gallon","correct":false,"count":"524"
Answers: "Miles per hour","correct":true,"count":"115,665"}]
Answers: "Ghostbusters","correct":true,"count":"113,436"
Answers: "Beverly Hills Cop","correct":false,"count":"696"
Answers: "The Breakfast Club","correct":false,"count":"213"}]
Answers: "Pineapple","correct":true,"count":"28,735"
Answers: "Strawberry","correct":false,"count":"71,465"
Answers: "Grapefruit","correct":false,"count":"6,541"}]
Answers: "Saturn","correct":false,"count":"3,779"
Answers: "Genesis","correct":true,"count":"25,802"
Answers: "Dreamcast","correct":false,"count":"3,352"}]
Answers: "Notre Dame","correct":false,"count":"3,330"
Answers: "Duke","correct":true,"count":"19,612"
Answers: "Stanford","correct":false,"count":"2,734"}]
Answers: "Her mama","correct":false,"count":"3,129"
Answers: "America","correct":false,"count":"2,541"
Answers: "Puppies","correct":true,"count":"11,637"}]
Answers: "Bill Clinton","correct":false,"count":"2,061"
Answers: "Richard Nixon","correct":true,"count":"5,210"
Answers: "Calvin Coolidge","correct":false,"count":"4,479"}]
Answers: "Soccer","correct":false,"count":"1,609"
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"2,896"
Answers: "Boxing","correct":true,"count":"1,230"}]
Answers: "Saab Espresso","correct":false,"count":"493"
Answers: "Hyundai Chai","correct":false,"count":"497"
Answers: "Suzuki Cappuccino","correct":true,"count":"736"}]
Answers: "Recovered by a dog","correct":true,"count":"581"
Answers: "Sprayed by a skunk","correct":false,"count":"97"
Answers: "Infested with bees","correct":false,"count":"150"}]
Answers: "Pig’s Eye","correct":true,"count":"374"
Answers: "Horse’s Hoof","correct":false,"count":"145"
Answers: "Wolf’s Tooth","correct":false,"count":"71"}]
Answers: "Electron","correct":true,"count":"688,426"
Answers: "Carmen Electra","correct":false,"count":"3,507"
Answers: "Voltron","correct":false,"count":"7,895"}]
Answers: "Baking soda / vinegar","correct":true,"count":"668,173"
Answers: "Mayonnaise / Ketchup","correct":false,"count":"1,012"
Answers: "Salt / Club soda","correct":false,"count":"8,595"}]
Answers: "Isaac Newton","correct":false,"count":"185,960"
Answers: "Nikola Tesla","correct":true,"count":"422,359"
Answers: "Mars Volta","correct":false,"count":"44,876"}]
Answers: "Overall Relativity","correct":false,"count":"170,480"
Answers: "Virtual Insanity","correct":false,"count":"7,250"
Answers: "Special Relativity","correct":true,"count":"241,686"}]
Answers: "Inclined plane","correct":false,"count":"60,342"
Answers: "Pulley","correct":false,"count":"19,735"
Answers: "Spring","correct":true,"count":"169,207"}]
Answers: "Carbon Dioxide","correct":true,"count":"158,883"
Answers: "Caffeine","correct":false,"count":"9,473"
Answers: "Food coloring","correct":false,"count":"2,857"}]
Answers: "Zero degrees Celsius","correct":false,"count":"11,552"
Answers: "Three degrees Kelvin","correct":true,"count":"55,089"
Answers: "Absolute zero","correct":false,"count":"86,938"}]
Answers: "1 lb. / 10 lb. weights","correct":false,"count":"8,011"
Answers: "Lead / aluminum","correct":false,"count":"5,862"
Answers: "Hammer / feather","correct":true,"count":"48,808"}]
Answers: "Astronomy","correct":false,"count":"9,596"
Answers: "Paleontology","correct":false,"count":"10,735"
Answers: "Chemistry","correct":true,"count":"29,364"}]
Answers: "Italy","correct":false,"count":"11,841"
Answers: "France","correct":false,"count":"8,334"
Answers: "Switzerland","correct":true,"count":"10,431"}]
Answers: "Photocopying","correct":false,"count":"2,880"
Answers: "Modern air conditioning","correct":true,"count":"3,768"
Answers: "Instant film","correct":false,"count":"5,903"}]
Answers: "Homeland","correct":true,"count":"1,697"
Answers: "Relative","correct":false,"count":"525"
Answers: "Lab partner","correct":false,"count":"2,218"}]
Answers: "Jack","correct":true,"count":"136,226"
Answers: "Jeff","correct":false,"count":"515"
Answers: "Jimbo","correct":false,"count":"1,079"}]
Answers: "With Gail and Janet","correct":false,"count":"4,235"
Answers: "The Daily Planet","correct":true,"count":"125,963"
Answers: "In shale and granite","correct":false,"count":"3,382"}]
Answers: "Oxygen","correct":false,"count":"17,343"
Answers: "Hydrogen","correct":true,"count":"83,206"
Answers: "Carbon","correct":false,"count":"23,596"}]
Answers: "Stallion","correct":false,"count":"6,172"
Answers: "Seal","correct":false,"count":"33,916"
Answers: "Bulldog","correct":true,"count":"43,447"}]
Answers: "Mali","correct":false,"count":"1,454"
Answers: "Haiti","correct":false,"count":"1,456"
Answers: "Cyprus","correct":true,"count":"41,668"}]
Answers: "The Space Needle","correct":false,"count":"14,299"
Answers: "Wilshire Grand Center","correct":true,"count":"10,361"
Answers: "US Bank Tower","correct":false,"count":"14,745"}]
Answers: "Super Mario Bros. 3","correct":false,"count":"3,278"
Answers: "Yoshi’s Island","correct":false,"count":"333"
Answers: "Super Mario World","correct":true,"count":"8,545"}]
Answers: "India","correct":true,"count":"1,657"
Answers: "Venezuela","correct":false,"count":"4,537"
Answers: "Australia","correct":false,"count":"2,309"}]
Answers: "Neither has eyebrows","correct":true,"count":"824"
Answers: "Both have closed mouths","correct":false,"count":"869"
Answers: "Both have visible hair","correct":false,"count":"258"}]
Answers: "To recover damages","correct":true,"count":"516"
Answers: "To confront witnesses","correct":false,"count":"312"
Answers: "An impartial jury","correct":false,"count":"162"}]
Answers: "John Legend","correct":false,"count":"81"
Answers: "John Mayer","correct":true,"count":"223"
Answers: "Kanye West","correct":false,"count":"269"}]
Answers: "Paris","correct":false,"count":"24"
Answers: "Tokyo","correct":false,"count":"66"
Answers: "New York","correct":true,"count":"176"}]
Answers: "Hummus","correct":false,"count":"5,517"
Answers: "Dollhouse furniture","correct":false,"count":"8,557"
Answers: "A nail","correct":true,"count":"533,516"}]
Answers: "Cow Appreciation Day","correct":false,"count":"2,596"
Answers: "Wednesday","correct":true,"count":"525,185"
Answers: "Bastille Day","correct":false,"count":"2,522"}]
Answers: "SOS","correct":false,"count":"790"
Answers: "FML","correct":false,"count":"527"
Answers: "XOXO","correct":true,"count":"520,907"}]
Answers: "Pile on","correct":false,"count":"42,063"
Answers: "Walk-off","correct":true,"count":"428,524"
Answers: "Sprint out","correct":false,"count":"37,571"}]
Answers: "Dallas","correct":true,"count":"242,561"
Answers: "San Antonio","correct":false,"count":"66,603"
Answers: "Austin","correct":false,"count":"111,344"}]
Answers: "Pierce Brosnan","correct":false,"count":"69,633"
Answers: "George Lazenby","correct":false,"count":"30,345"
Answers: "Sean Connery","correct":true,"count":"144,310"}]
Answers: "Jimmy Carter","correct":false,"count":"12,281"
Answers: "Abraham Lincoln","correct":true,"count":"107,667"
Answers: "Harry Truman","correct":false,"count":"24,784"}]
Answers: "Pam","correct":true,"count":"62,500"
Answers: "Stanley","correct":false,"count":"17,658"
Answers: "Jim","correct":false,"count":"26,334"}]
Answers: "Tashkent","correct":false,"count":"9,108"
Answers: "Bishkek","correct":false,"count":"15,554"
Answers: "Baku","correct":true,"count":"39,113"}]
Answers: "Latte stone","correct":true,"count":"10,376"
Answers: "Coffee stone","correct":false,"count":"12,192"
Answers: "Venti stone","correct":false,"count":"15,438"}]
Answers: "Tennis elbow","correct":false,"count":"3,133"
Answers: "Brain freeze","correct":true,"count":"7,947"
Answers: "Growing stomach","correct":false,"count":"1,699"}]
Answers: "The End of the World","correct":true,"count":"1,967"
Answers: "Faraday Bar","correct":false,"count":"2,706"
Answers: "Southern Exposure","correct":false,"count":"3,528"}]
Answers: "LeBron James","correct":true,"count":"133,894"
Answers: "Michael Jordan","correct":false,"count":"4,759"
Answers: "Tiger Woods","correct":false,"count":"2,731"}]
Answers: "US Open","correct":false,"count":"15,030"
Answers: "Wimbledon","correct":false,"count":"36,651"
Answers: "French Open","correct":true,"count":"77,046"}]
Answers: "Clippers","correct":false,"count":"20,828"
Answers: "Mavericks","correct":true,"count":"47,493"
Answers: "Jazz","correct":false,"count":"6,708"}]
Answers: "Felix Hernandez","correct":true,"count":"20,732"
Answers: "Tim Lincecum","correct":false,"count":"14,091"
Answers: "Max Scherzer","correct":false,"count":"11,929"}]
Answers: "Boxing","correct":false,"count":"2,430"
Answers: "Judo","correct":true,"count":"17,913"
Answers: "Wrestling","correct":false,"count":"2,168"}]
Answers: "Bill Parcells","correct":false,"count":"3,085"
Answers: "Mike Ditka","correct":true,"count":"9,737"
Answers: "Vince Lombardi","correct":false,"count":"4,713"}]
Answers: "Abby Wambach","correct":false,"count":"4,571"
Answers: "Mia Hamm","correct":false,"count":"2,977"
Answers: "Marta","correct":true,"count":"2,452"}]
Answers: "Georgia","correct":true,"count":"2,009"
Answers: "Minnesota","correct":false,"count":"473"
Answers: "Wisconsin","correct":false,"count":"382"}]
Answers: "Pavel Bure","correct":true,"count":"1,165"
Answers: "Evgeni Malkin","correct":false,"count":"599"
Answers: "Alex Ovechkin","correct":false,"count":"224"}]
Answers: "Nick Faldo","correct":false,"count":"211"
Answers: "Gary Player","correct":true,"count":"906"
Answers: "Rory McIlroy","correct":false,"count":"83"}]
Answers: "Boxing","correct":false,"count":"147"
Answers: "Baseball","correct":true,"count":"584"
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"200"}]
Answers: "Packers","correct":false,"count":"114"
Answers: "Bullets","correct":true,"count":"351"
Answers: "Capitols","correct":false,"count":"134"}]
Answers: "Octocycle","correct":false,"count":"497"
Answers: "Bicycle","correct":true,"count":"132,556"
Answers: "Unicycle","correct":false,"count":"928"}]
Answers: "Checkmate","correct":false,"count":"2,790"
Answers: "Clickbait","correct":true,"count":"121,816"
Answers: "Clean slate","correct":false,"count":"1,745"}]
Answers: "Chains","correct":false,"count":"286"
Answers: "Velcro","correct":true,"count":"120,999"
Answers: "Deadbolts","correct":false,"count":"264"}]
Answers: "Star Wars","correct":false,"count":"3,541"
Answers: "Star Trek","correct":true,"count":"86,234"
Answers: "Back to the Future","correct":false,"count":"27,672"}]
Answers: "Man to man","correct":false,"count":"39,033"
Answers: "Hand to hand","correct":true,"count":"44,712"
Answers: "Face to face","correct":false,"count":"2,923"}]
Answers: "Game of Life","correct":false,"count":"14,805"
Answers: "Hi Ho! Cherry-O","correct":false,"count":"2,658"
Answers: "Twister","correct":true,"count":"27,661"}]
Answers: "The opera","correct":true,"count":"14,226"
Answers: "Weather","correct":false,"count":"4,727"
Answers: "Napping","correct":false,"count":"8,077"}]
Answers: "Purple squirrel","correct":true,"count":"4,009"
Answers: "Pink shark","correct":false,"count":"6,425"
Answers: "Green cow","correct":false,"count":"3,908"}]
Answers: "The Cosmos","correct":false,"count":"1,335"
Answers: "Man","correct":true,"count":"1,544"
Answers: "Earth","correct":false,"count":"1,572"}]
Answers: "Papua New Guinea","correct":false,"count":"419"
Answers: "Serbia","correct":true,"count":"1,106"
Answers: "Dominica","correct":false,"count":"201"}]
Answers: "Born to Be Wild","correct":true,"count":"754"
Answers: "(Don’t Fear) the Reaper","correct":false,"count":"196"
Answers: "A Whiter Shade of Pale","correct":false,"count":"164"}]
Answers: "The Family That Preys","correct":false,"count":"93"
Answers: "The Single Moms Club","correct":false,"count":"148"
Answers: "Peeples","correct":true,"count":"498"}]
Answers: "Open-faced","correct":true,"count":"454,892"
Answers: "Two-faced","correct":false,"count":"8,317"
Answers: "About-faced","correct":false,"count":"2,916"}]
Answers: "Lapel","correct":true,"count":"444,952"
Answers: "Cat bell","correct":false,"count":"5,328"
Answers: "Dog smell","correct":false,"count":"966"}]
Answers: "Clowns","correct":true,"count":"243,186"
Answers: "Boys","correct":false,"count":"61,068"
Answers: "Troops","correct":false,"count":"132,385"}]
Answers: "Puffy leg","correct":false,"count":"18,311"
Answers: "Stanky leg","correct":true,"count":"215,797"
Answers: "Sweaty leg","correct":false,"count":"10,112"}]
Answers: "Stalactite","correct":true,"count":"124,505"
Answers: "Stalagmite","correct":false,"count":"86,125"
Answers: "Shellac","correct":false,"count":"2,375"}]
Answers: "Duke","correct":false,"count":"26,822"
Answers: "Count","correct":true,"count":"92,733"
Answers: "Bass","correct":false,"count":"7,739"}]
Answers: "Henry / Edward","correct":true,"count":"59,222"
Answers: "George / Harry","correct":false,"count":"16,713"
Answers: "William / William","correct":false,"count":"14,424"}]
Answers: "Pavlova","correct":false,"count":"14,670"
Answers: "English trifle","correct":true,"count":"31,778"
Answers: "Dacquoise","correct":false,"count":"12,651"}]
Answers: "Condoleezza Rice","correct":false,"count":"14,870"
Answers: "Madeleine Albright","correct":true,"count":"15,324"
Answers: "John Kerry","correct":false,"count":"2,885"}]
Answers: "Stevie Wonder","correct":true,"count":"6,903"
Answers: "Elton John","correct":false,"count":"2,552"
Answers: "Mick Jagger","correct":false,"count":"6,633"}]
Answers: "Dallas","correct":false,"count":"480"
Answers: "New York City","correct":false,"count":"180"
Answers: "Denver","correct":true,"count":"6,981"}]
Answers: "Penelope Cruz","correct":false,"count":"519"
Answers: "Kim Basinger","correct":true,"count":"5,901"
Answers: "Jane Fonda","correct":false,"count":"533"}]
Answers: "( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)","correct":false,"count":"2,837"
Answers: "&","correct":true,"count":"884,476"
Answers: "¯\\_(ツ)_/¯","correct":false,"count":"2,353"}]
Answers: "Alligator","correct":false,"count":"66,084"
Answers: "Robin","correct":false,"count":"28,230"
Answers: "Kangaroo","correct":true,"count":"779,249"}]
Answers: "Hoagie","correct":false,"count":"67,538"
Answers: "Grinder","correct":false,"count":"10,613"
Answers: "Submarine","correct":true,"count":"703,727"}]
Answers: "Peter","correct":true,"count":"612,419"
Answers: "Fred","correct":false,"count":"64,166"
Answers: "Stu","correct":false,"count":"26,687"}]
Answers: "Sleepless in Seattle","correct":false,"count":"145,884"
Answers: "You've Got Mail","correct":false,"count":"149,442"
Answers: "When Harry Met Sally","correct":true,"count":"305,202"}]
Answers: "Jupiter","correct":true,"count":"143,528"
Answers: "Neptune","correct":false,"count":"154,948"
Answers: "Saturn","correct":false,"count":"41,962"}]
Answers: "Lighter","correct":false,"count":"18,327"
Answers: "Daughter","correct":true,"count":"95,446"
Answers: "After","correct":false,"count":"51,812"}]
Answers: "Iceberg Slimm","correct":false,"count":"7,283"
Answers: "Drake","correct":false,"count":"25,070"
Answers: "Wale","correct":true,"count":"68,388"}]
Answers: "Rack","correct":false,"count":"5,943"
Answers: "Pinion","correct":true,"count":"39,413"
Answers: "Neither","correct":false,"count":"26,278"}]
Answers: "Andorra","correct":false,"count":"8,518"
Answers: "Slovakia","correct":true,"count":"10,699"
Answers: "Liechtenstein","correct":false,"count":"23,865"}]
Answers: "Betty Boop","correct":false,"count":"6,506"
Answers: "Jessica Rabbit","correct":false,"count":"6,437"
Answers: "Snow White","correct":true,"count":"2,597"}]
Answers: "Danish","correct":false,"count":"936"
Answers: "Italian","correct":false,"count":"1,223"
Answers: "Scottish","correct":true,"count":"1,501"}]
Answers: "Willy Wonka Whirlypops","correct":false,"count":"1,718"
Answers: "Well-Wasted Workday","correct":false,"count":"1,477"
Answers: "World Wide Web","correct":true,"count":"413,101"}]
Answers: "Willy Wonka Whirlypops","correct":false,"count":"2,415"
Answers: "Well-Wasted Workday","correct":false,"count":"2,024"
Answers: "World Wide Web","correct":true,"count":"711,597"}]
Answers: "Millions of tiny candles","correct":false,"count":"1,208"
Answers: "Radioactivity","correct":false,"count":"16,585"
Answers: "Reflected sunlight","correct":true,"count":"686,284"}]
Answers: "Rhinoceros","correct":false,"count":"105,862"
Answers: "Elephant","correct":true,"count":"563,723"
Answers: "Bear","correct":false,"count":"8,491"}]
Answers: "Ponzu","correct":false,"count":"40,252"
Answers: "Pingu","correct":false,"count":"16,152"
Answers: "Ponzi","correct":true,"count":"509,412"}]
Answers: "Verb","correct":false,"count":"38,331"
Answers: "Preposition","correct":true,"count":"331,104"
Answers: "Conjunction","correct":false,"count":"134,596"}]
Answers: "Revenge of the Sith","correct":false,"count":"72,700"
Answers: "Rogue One","correct":false,"count":"63,598"
Answers: "The Empire Strikes Back","correct":true,"count":"183,438"}]
Answers: "Nubuck","correct":false,"count":"24,532"
Answers: "Suede","correct":true,"count":"84,220"
Answers: "Rawhide","correct":false,"count":"85,141"}]
Answers: "Knuckles","correct":false,"count":"18,477"
Answers: "Kazooie","correct":false,"count":"20,708"
Answers: "Crash","correct":true,"count":"53,076"}]
Answers: "Indiana","correct":false,"count":"16,568"
Answers: "Ohio","correct":false,"count":"14,867"
Answers: "Illinois","correct":true,"count":"23,991"}]
Answers: "Raytona 500","correct":false,"count":"5,458"
Answers: "Sunny Car Racing","correct":false,"count":"3,866"
Answers: "Formula Sun Grand Prix","correct":true,"count":"17,217"}]
Answers: "King John","correct":false,"count":"5,121"
Answers: "Richard II","correct":false,"count":"6,284"
Answers: "Troilus and Cressida","correct":true,"count":"6,769"}]
Answers: "Crum","correct":true,"count":"5,606"
Answers: "Salt","correct":false,"count":"848"
Answers: "Root","correct":false,"count":"1,405"}]
Answers: "Canine","correct":false,"count":"6,702"
Answers: "Online","correct":false,"count":"411"
Answers: "Feline","correct":true,"count":"130,886"}]
Answers: "Cheesecake","correct":false,"count":"10,229"
Answers: "Male model","correct":false,"count":"11,071"
Answers: "Tomato","correct":true,"count":"106,155"}]
Answers: "Seattle","correct":true,"count":"94,833"
Answers: "Boston","correct":false,"count":"7,434"
Answers: "Chicago","correct":false,"count":"3,650"}]
Answers: "Chance spaces","correct":false,"count":"29,578"
Answers: "Railroads","correct":true,"count":"45,864"
Answers: "Utilities","correct":false,"count":"14,655"}]
Answers: "Urals","correct":true,"count":"21,834"
Answers: "Himalayas","correct":false,"count":"18,515"
Answers: "Pyrenees","correct":false,"count":"6,516"}]
Answers: "Sleeping","correct":false,"count":"754"
Answers: "Sweating","correct":true,"count":"12,773"
Answers: "Shivering","correct":false,"count":"8,181"}]
Answers: "Roomba","correct":false,"count":"2,424"
Answers: "iPod","correct":false,"count":"3,556"
Answers: "Google","correct":true,"count":"7,241"}]
Answers: "Deep Impact","correct":false,"count":"1,280"
Answers: "This Is the End","correct":false,"count":"2,715"
Answers: "Armageddon","correct":true,"count":"3,737"}]
Answers: "Hogshead","correct":true,"count":"3,038"
Answers: "Sheepsgut","correct":false,"count":"433"
Answers: "Bullskin","correct":false,"count":"497"}]
Answers: "Orville Burrell","correct":false,"count":"361"
Answers: "Orville Snackenbach","correct":false,"count":"312"
Answers: "Norville Rogers","correct":true,"count":"2,366"}]
Answers: "Octopus","correct":false,"count":"1,266"
Answers: "Hagfish","correct":false,"count":"365"
Answers: "Hummingbird","correct":true,"count":"788"}]
Answers: "Ice cream","correct":true,"count":"805"
Answers: "Bacon","correct":false,"count":"410"
Answers: "Peaches","correct":false,"count":"506"}]
Answers: "Fiber optics","correct":false,"count":"3,422"
Answers: "Drop kicks","correct":false,"count":"3,978"
Answers: "Chopsticks","correct":true,"count":"612,777"}]
Answers: "Pants","correct":true,"count":"605,940"
Answers: "Fedora","correct":false,"count":"1,061"
Answers: "Socks","correct":false,"count":"877"}]
Answers: "Pediatric","correct":true,"count":"596,783"
Answers: "Geriatric","correct":false,"count":"2,741"
Answers: "Orthopedic","correct":false,"count":"2,903"}]
Answers: "Chicken","correct":false,"count":"113,155"
Answers: "Corn","correct":true,"count":"459,706"
Answers: "Sugar","correct":false,"count":"18,734"}]
Answers: "Back in Black","correct":false,"count":"140,246"
Answers: "Blame It on the Rain","correct":false,"count":"71,210"
Answers: "Dancing Queen","correct":true,"count":"229,722"}]
Answers: "Award","correct":true,"count":"122,615"
Answers: "Rule","correct":false,"count":"58,239"
Answers: "Stadium","correct":false,"count":"47,331"}]
Answers: "Rutherford B. Hayes","correct":false,"count":"50,275"
Answers: "Chester A. Arthur","correct":false,"count":"40,188"
Answers: "Benjamin Harrison","correct":true,"count":"37,166"}]
Answers: "Romania","correct":false,"count":"9,125"
Answers: "Ukraine","correct":false,"count":"16,667"
Answers: "Serbia","correct":true,"count":"18,586"}]
Answers: "James Corden","correct":false,"count":"2,051"
Answers: "Conan O’Brien","correct":true,"count":"11,618"
Answers: "Stephen Colbert","correct":false,"count":"6,713"}]
Answers: "Hydrogen","correct":false,"count":"2,820"
Answers: "Oxygen","correct":true,"count":"3,057"
Answers: "Carbon","correct":false,"count":"6,559"}]
Answers: "Game Boy","correct":true,"count":"2,089"
Answers: "NES","correct":false,"count":"1,095"
Answers: "Super NES","correct":false,"count":"902"}]
Answers: "The Man With No Name","correct":false,"count":"1,510"
Answers: "Hedley Lamar","correct":false,"count":"359"
Answers: "Corky St. Clair","correct":true,"count":"368"}]
Answers: "Beach ball","correct":false,"count":"11,197"
Answers: "Home run","correct":true,"count":"122,186"
Answers: "Hot air balloon","correct":false,"count":"2,258"}]
Answers: "Backstroke","correct":true,"count":"121,836"
Answers: "Headwobble","correct":false,"count":"242"
Answers: "Kneeheave","correct":false,"count":"122"}]
Answers: "Home plate","correct":true,"count":"106,585"
Answers: "Third base","correct":false,"count":"2,291"
Answers: "First base","correct":false,"count":"10,359"}]
Answers: "Player from the bench","correct":false,"count":"20,424"
Answers: "The goalie","correct":false,"count":"23,959"
Answers: "Other player on the ice","correct":true,"count":"59,085"}]
Answers: "Sacramento","correct":false,"count":"18,489"
Answers: "Los Angeles","correct":true,"count":"18,216"
Answers: "Salt Lake City","correct":false,"count":"23,951"}]
Answers: "The Masters","correct":true,"count":"2,758"
Answers: "The PGA Championship","correct":false,"count":"12,774"
Answers: "US Open","correct":false,"count":"4,408"}]
Answers: "Chris Sale","correct":false,"count":"588"
Answers: "Chris Archer","correct":true,"count":"2,014"
Answers: "Bryce Harper","correct":false,"count":"1,073"}]
Answers: "Karolina Pliskova","correct":false,"count":"565"
Answers: "Jelena Ostapenko","correct":false,"count":"328"
Answers: "Angelique Kerber","correct":true,"count":"1,175"}]
Answers: "Sugar Ray Robinson","correct":false,"count":"260"
Answers: "Jack Dempsey","correct":true,"count":"602"
Answers: "George Foreman","correct":false,"count":"357"}]
Answers: "Candace Parker","correct":true,"count":"274"
Answers: "Lisa Leslie","correct":false,"count":"97"
Answers: "Sheryl Swoopes","correct":false,"count":"267"}]
Answers: "Australia","correct":false,"count":"16"
Answers: "USA","correct":true,"count":"202"
Answers: "Brazil","correct":false,"count":"89"}]
Answers: "Baltimore Orioles","correct":false,"count":"19"
Answers: "Atlanta Braves","correct":false,"count":"24"
Answers: "Tampa Bay Rays","correct":true,"count":"160"}]
Answers: "Peanuts","correct":false,"count":"448"
Answers: "Pepperoni","correct":true,"count":"124,127"
Answers: "Paper clips","correct":false,"count":"191"}]
Answers: "Rock","correct":false,"count":"922"
Answers: "Dock","correct":true,"count":"122,319"
Answers: "Frock","correct":false,"count":"296"}]
Answers: "Batman","correct":true,"count":"113,355"
Answers: "Taxi Driver","correct":false,"count":"6,072"
Answers: "Casablanca","correct":false,"count":"1,617"}]
Answers: "Bottlenose dolphin","correct":true,"count":"61,248"
Answers: "African elephant","correct":false,"count":"11,719"
Answers: "Rhesus monkey","correct":false,"count":"34,640"}]
Answers: "Connecticut","correct":false,"count":"11,503"
Answers: "Arkansas","correct":true,"count":"12,977"
Answers: "California","correct":false,"count":"35,241"}]
Answers: "Boggle","correct":false,"count":"2,402"
Answers: "Jeeves","correct":false,"count":"7,712"
Answers: "BackRub","correct":true,"count":"5,678"}]
Answers: "Who","correct":false,"count":"412"
Answers: "Why","correct":true,"count":"1,534"
Answers: "Where","correct":false,"count":"4,251"}]
Answers: "Feta cheese","correct":false,"count":"582"
Answers: "Traditional mozzarella","correct":true,"count":"937"
Answers: "Dutch Edam cheese","correct":false,"count":"159"}]
Answers: "Chinstrap","correct":false,"count":"75"
Answers: "Necktie","correct":true,"count":"815"
Answers: "Macaroni","correct":false,"count":"111"}]
Answers: "Eddie James","correct":false,"count":"54"
Answers: "Anna Todd","correct":false,"count":"41"
Answers: "Mary Sue","correct":true,"count":"727"}]
Answers: "The King and I","correct":false,"count":"70"
Answers: "Oklahoma!","correct":false,"count":"142"
Answers: "The Sound of Music","correct":true,"count":"502"}]
Answers: "Theodore Roosevelt","correct":false,"count":"59"
Answers: "John Quincy Adams","correct":false,"count":"47"
Answers: "William Howard Taft","correct":true,"count":"439"}]
Answers: "Kylie Jenner","correct":true,"count":"477,534"
Answers: "Lenny Dykstra","correct":false,"count":"26,694"
Answers: "Larry King","correct":false,"count":"22,894"}]
Answers: "Larry","correct":false,"count":"34,872"
Answers: "Laurenzo","correct":false,"count":"6,426"
Answers: "Laurel","correct":true,"count":"427,085"}]
Answers: "Alec Baldwin","correct":false,"count":"163,274"
Answers: "Stephen Baldwin","correct":true,"count":"211,239"
Answers: "Daniel Baldwin","correct":false,"count":"46,219"}]
Answers: "30 Rock","correct":true,"count":"99,351"
Answers: "Brooklyn Nine-Nine","correct":false,"count":"66,627"
Answers: "The Tonight Show","correct":false,"count":"53,483"}]
Answers: "Bow tie","correct":true,"count":"24,157"
Answers: "Cowboy hat","correct":false,"count":"49,182"
Answers: "Bolo tie","correct":false,"count":"36,293"}]
Answers: "Napoleon Bonaparte","correct":true,"count":"10,239"
Answers: "Marie Antoinette","correct":false,"count":"17,201"
Answers: "Benito Mussolini","correct":false,"count":"4,678"}]
Answers: "Nonstop","correct":true,"count":"3,559"
Answers: "I’m Upset","correct":false,"count":"2,722"
Answers: "God’s Plan","correct":false,"count":"5,729"}]
Answers: "Album name","correct":true,"count":"2,436"
Answers: "Snack food","correct":false,"count":"638"
Answers: "Designer brand","correct":false,"count":"1,185"}]
Answers: "Ice-sashaying","correct":false,"count":"17,881"
Answers: "Frost-skipping","correct":false,"count":"12,485"
Answers: "Snowshoeing","correct":true,"count":"618,545"}]
Answers: "Kitten noses","correct":false,"count":"2,658"
Answers: "Turtle tails","correct":false,"count":"6,916"
Answers: "Rabbit ears","correct":true,"count":"605,177"}]
Answers: "Shellfish","correct":false,"count":"7,016"
Answers: "Milk","correct":false,"count":"20,285"
Answers: "Wheat","correct":true,"count":"573,651"}]
Answers: "Bing","correct":true,"count":"566,817"
Answers: "Twitter","correct":false,"count":"2,792"
Answers: "Facebook","correct":false,"count":"1,960"}]
Answers: "The Big Chill","correct":true,"count":"196,657"
Answers: "Big","correct":false,"count":"176,779"
Answers: "The Big Lebowski","correct":false,"count":"182,479"}]
Answers: "Author’s name","correct":false,"count":"69,219"
Answers: "Coffee room","correct":true,"count":"38,900"
Answers: "Fictional language","correct":false,"count":"88,554"}]
Answers: "Lizard","correct":true,"count":"25,799"
Answers: "Bird","correct":false,"count":"3,368"
Answers: "Crustacean","correct":false,"count":"19,789"}]
Answers: "I would prefer not to.","correct":true,"count":"8,393"
Answers: "So it goes.","correct":false,"count":"15,131"
Answers: "Don't panic.","correct":false,"count":"3,320"}]
Answers: "Hooverball","correct":false,"count":"1,115"
Answers: "Corkball","correct":true,"count":"4,693"
Answers: "Wallyball","correct":false,"count":"3,728"}]
Answers: "Joan of Arc","correct":true,"count":"1,219"
Answers: "Robin Hood","correct":false,"count":"1,223"
Answers: "Merlin","correct":false,"count":"2,553"}]
Answers: "Glasgow","correct":false,"count":"315"
Answers: "Krakow","correct":true,"count":"709"
Answers: "Moscow","correct":false,"count":"491"}]
Answers: "Emily Dickinson","correct":false,"count":"165"
Answers: "Walt Whitman","correct":false,"count":"230"
Answers: "Henry David Thoreau","correct":true,"count":"374"}]
Answers: "Jars","correct":true,"count":"126,561"
Answers: "Thimbles","correct":false,"count":"520"
Answers: "Mugs","correct":false,"count":"393"}]
Answers: "Gross domestic product","correct":true,"count":"122,320"
Answers: "Giant duck projection","correct":false,"count":"349"
Answers: "Goofy drainage pipes","correct":false,"count":"190"}]
Answers: "Campground","correct":false,"count":"1,729"
Answers: "Campari","correct":false,"count":"139"
Answers: "Campus","correct":true,"count":"119,808"}]
Answers: "Falafel","correct":false,"count":"35,426"
Answers: "Hummus","correct":false,"count":"10,936"
Answers: "Tahini","correct":true,"count":"70,690"}]
Answers: "Mantel","correct":false,"count":"13,360"
Answers: "Mantle","correct":true,"count":"54,124"
Answers: "Mantal","correct":false,"count":"3,287"}]
Answers: "The Devil’s Advocate","correct":false,"count":"27,624"
Answers: "...And Justice for All","correct":true,"count":"19,257"
Answers: "Reload","correct":false,"count":"6,204"}]
Answers: "Concrete","correct":true,"count":"13,114"
Answers: "Steel","correct":false,"count":"5,879"
Answers: "Glass","correct":false,"count":"1,866"}]
Answers: "Theocracies","correct":false,"count":"2,710"
Answers: "Principalities","correct":false,"count":"4,288"
Answers: "Enclaves","correct":true,"count":"6,140"}]
Answers: "Chief Wiggum","correct":true,"count":"1,421"
Answers: "Ned Flanders","correct":false,"count":"1,145"
Answers: "Kent Brockman","correct":false,"count":"3,628"}]
Answers: "Abolitionist","correct":true,"count":"889"
Answers: "President","correct":false,"count":"434"
Answers: "Greek hero","correct":false,"count":"1,373"}]
Answers: "Integration","correct":true,"count":"979"
Answers: "Substantiation","correct":false,"count":"124"
Answers: "Translation","correct":false,"count":"77"}]
Answers: "Nigella Lawson","correct":true,"count":"460"
Answers: "Cat Cora","correct":false,"count":"346"
Answers: "Giada de Laurentiis","correct":false,"count":"172"}]
Answers: "Sarah Palin","correct":true,"count":"345,658"
Answers: "Grumpy Cat","correct":false,"count":"23,876"
Answers: "Airbud","correct":false,"count":"8,862"}]
Answers: "Serena Williams","correct":true,"count":"339,956"
Answers: "Princess Charlotte","correct":false,"count":"1,800"
Answers: "Iggy Azalea","correct":false,"count":"2,284"}]
Answers: "Alec Baldwin","correct":false,"count":"60,016"
Answers: "Oprah Winfrey","correct":false,"count":"124,216"
Answers: "Dwayne Johnson","correct":true,"count":"145,591"}]
Answers: "France","correct":false,"count":"12,450"
Answers: "England","correct":true,"count":"128,652"
Answers: "Croatia","correct":false,"count":"11,729"}]
Answers: "Alabama","correct":true,"count":"52,328"
Answers: "Michigan","correct":false,"count":"46,857"
Answers: "Tennessee","correct":false,"count":"29,588"}]
Answers: "The Handmaid’s Tale","correct":true,"count":"33,107"
Answers: "Scandal","correct":false,"count":"14,562"
Answers: "This Is Us","correct":false,"count":"8,363"}]
Answers: "Amazon","correct":false,"count":"8,374"
Answers: "Snapchat","correct":false,"count":"4,105"
Answers: "The Boring Company","correct":true,"count":"21,856"}]
Answers: "Stay With Me","correct":false,"count":"4,124"
Answers: "Finesse","correct":false,"count":"3,949"
Answers: "All of Me","correct":true,"count":"14,693"}]
Answers: "Amazon","correct":true,"count":"620,442"
Answers: "Facebook","correct":false,"count":"6,156"
Answers: "Google","correct":false,"count":"16,033"}]
Answers: "Clap-to-close","correct":false,"count":"26,633"
Answers: "Stomp-to-start","correct":false,"count":"6,289"
Answers: "Pinch-to-zoom","correct":true,"count":"576,993"}]
Answers: "Poke","correct":true,"count":"538,461"
Answers: "Tap","correct":false,"count":"19,947"
Answers: "Ping","correct":false,"count":"17,500"}]
Answers: "24 hours","correct":false,"count":"11,467"
Answers: "Six seconds","correct":true,"count":"478,328"
Answers: "10 minutes","correct":false,"count":"46,912"}]
Answers: "Lean In","correct":true,"count":"159,195"
Answers: "Dream Big","correct":false,"count":"154,182"
Answers: "Thinking Different","correct":false,"count":"163,207"}]
Answers: "Hewlett-Packard","correct":false,"count":"40,160"
Answers: "Xerox","correct":true,"count":"45,898"
Answers: "IBM","correct":false,"count":"93,590"}]
Answers: "50 Cent","correct":false,"count":"11,276"
Answers: "Chamillionaire","correct":true,"count":"15,650"
Answers: "Dr. Dre","correct":false,"count":"28,300"}]
Answers: "Litecoin","correct":true,"count":"2,777"
Answers: "Ripple","correct":false,"count":"11,685"
Answers: "Ethereum","correct":false,"count":"4,574"}]
Answers: "Jack Dorsey","correct":false,"count":"878"
Answers: "Jeff Bezos","correct":false,"count":"1,209"
Answers: "Elon Musk","correct":true,"count":"4,298"}]
Answers: "Apple Inc.","correct":false,"count":"224"
Answers: "Intel Corporation","correct":false,"count":"244"
Answers: "The United States","correct":true,"count":"3,941"}]
Answers: "YouTube","correct":false,"count":"186"
Answers: "WeChat","correct":false,"count":"2,000"
Answers: "Gmail","correct":true,"count":"1,720"}]
Answers: "Snapchat","correct":true,"count":"876"
Answers: "Bitmoji","correct":false,"count":"501"
Answers: "Twitch","correct":false,"count":"342"}]
Answers: "Mi","correct":false,"count":"1,738"
Answers: "Re","correct":false,"count":"1,999"
Answers: "Doe","correct":true,"count":"128,296"}]
Answers: "Red","correct":false,"count":"8,624"
Answers: "Purple","correct":true,"count":"105,074"
Answers: "Blue","correct":false,"count":"11,219"}]
Answers: "Batman","correct":false,"count":"23,754"
Answers: "Spider-Man","correct":true,"count":"62,842"
Answers: "Iron Man","correct":false,"count":"17,164"}]
Answers: "South Africa","correct":false,"count":"3,141"
Answers: "South Carolina","correct":false,"count":"4,841"
Answers: "South Dakota","correct":true,"count":"55,811"}]
Answers: "Creed","correct":false,"count":"4,571"
Answers: "Jim","correct":false,"count":"10,146"
Answers: "Dwight","correct":true,"count":"40,775"}]
Answers: "My Sweet Lord","correct":true,"count":"12,527"
Answers: "Band on the Run","correct":false,"count":"10,167"
Answers: "Imagine","correct":false,"count":"18,535"}]
Answers: "Percontation","correct":false,"count":"2,595"
Answers: "Octothorpe","correct":true,"count":"10,050"
Answers: "Ampersand","correct":false,"count":"2,160"}]
Answers: "My Country ’Tis of Thee","correct":false,"count":"979"
Answers: "America the Beautiful","correct":false,"count":"643"
Answers: "Star-Spangled Banner","correct":true,"count":"8,673"}]
Answers: "Tube-nosed bat","correct":false,"count":"351"
Answers: "Four-toed hedgehog","correct":false,"count":"945"
Answers: "Spiny anteater","correct":true,"count":"7,478"}]
Answers: "Egypt","correct":false,"count":"595"
Answers: "Sudan","correct":false,"count":"857"
Answers: "Algeria","correct":true,"count":"6,126"}]
Answers: "Toupee","correct":false,"count":"225"
Answers: "Star Trek phaser","correct":false,"count":"1,168"
Answers: "Kidney stone","correct":true,"count":"4,920"}]
Answers: "Mule","correct":true,"count":"225"
Answers: "Groundhog","correct":false,"count":"139"
Answers: "Pig","correct":false,"count":"5,078"}]
Answers: "Granite","correct":false,"count":"2,145"
Answers: "Clay","correct":false,"count":"1,763"
Answers: "Wood","correct":true,"count":"502,606"}]
Answers: "Ukulele","correct":false,"count":"17,264"
Answers: "Triangle","correct":false,"count":"26,525"
Answers: "Cello","correct":true,"count":"453,278"}]
Answers: "Moisture","correct":false,"count":"15,638"
Answers: "Acidity","correct":true,"count":"427,704"
Answers: "Salinity","correct":false,"count":"9,157"}]
Answers: "The Godfather","correct":false,"count":"119,537"
Answers: "The Muppets","correct":true,"count":"226,314"
Answers: "Back to the Future","correct":false,"count":"69,232"}]
Answers: "Germany","correct":true,"count":"115,817"
Answers: "France","correct":false,"count":"97,250"
Answers: "Belgium","correct":false,"count":"29,174"}]
Answers: "Voltaire","correct":false,"count":"23,702"
Answers: "Lewis Carroll","correct":false,"count":"30,565"
Answers: "Jonathan Swift","correct":true,"count":"70,322"}]
Answers: "Competitive Edition","correct":false,"count":"8,803"
Answers: "Mindful Edition","correct":false,"count":"8,402"
Answers: "Genus Edition","correct":true,"count":"56,137"}]
Answers: "Hagar the Horrible","correct":false,"count":"9,585"
Answers: "Blondie","correct":true,"count":"44,483"
Answers: "Gasoline Alley","correct":false,"count":"3,171"}]
Answers: "Daytona 500","correct":true,"count":"25,221"
Answers: "Kentucky Derby","correct":false,"count":"13,407"
Answers: "Indy 500","correct":false,"count":"6,388"}]
Answers: "Candace","correct":false,"count":"11,517"
Answers: "Helen","correct":true,"count":"6,514"
Answers: "Lois","correct":false,"count":"9,744"}]
Answers: "Wallis Simpson","correct":true,"count":"4,883"
Answers: "Amelia Earhart","correct":false,"count":"3,518"
Answers: "Jacqueline Kennedy","correct":false,"count":"2,047"}]
Answers: "CBS","correct":false,"count":"485"
Answers: "Microsoft","correct":false,"count":"3,045"
Answers: "The Beatles","correct":true,"count":"1,836"}]
Answers: "There’s no “I” in team","correct":false,"count":"2,068"
Answers: "Throw the ball away","correct":false,"count":"13,417"
Answers: "Throw a fastball","correct":true,"count":"118,463"}]
Answers: "Denmark","correct":false,"count":"3,531"
Answers: "Cameroon","correct":false,"count":"27,626"
Answers: "Australia","correct":true,"count":"86,614"}]
Answers: "JD Martinez","correct":true,"count":"40,879"
Answers: "Aaron Judge","correct":false,"count":"23,475"
Answers: "Mike Trout","correct":false,"count":"21,360"}]
Answers: "White","correct":true,"count":"25,431"
Answers: "Green","correct":false,"count":"6,419"
Answers: "Checkered","correct":false,"count":"10,722"}]
Answers: "Cleveland Cavaliers","correct":false,"count":"14,881"
Answers: "Chicago Bulls","correct":false,"count":"3,354"
Answers: "Miami Heat","correct":true,"count":"7,209"}]
Answers: "Conor McGregor","correct":false,"count":"2,130"
Answers: "Anderson Silva","correct":true,"count":"4,898"
Answers: "Jon Jones","correct":false,"count":"1,613"}]
Answers: "Thunder","correct":false,"count":"881"
Answers: "Celtics","correct":false,"count":"2,256"
Answers: "Spurs","correct":true,"count":"1,945"}]
Answers: "FIFA goal crossbar","correct":true,"count":"882"
Answers: "NBA basketball hoop","correct":false,"count":"589"
Answers: "NFL field goal crossbar","correct":false,"count":"610"}]
Answers: "Minnesota Vikings","correct":false,"count":"458"
Answers: "Dallas Cowboys","correct":false,"count":"184"
Answers: "Los Angeles Rams","correct":true,"count":"341"}]
Answers: "Trombone","correct":true,"count":"189"
Answers: "Tuba","correct":false,"count":"209"
Answers: "Drum","correct":false,"count":"11"}]
Answers: "Turin","correct":true,"count":"125"
Answers: "Rome","correct":false,"count":"23"
Answers: "Milan","correct":false,"count":"66"}]
Answers: "Staples Center","correct":false,"count":"30"
Answers: "Target Field","correct":true,"count":"43"
Answers: "Target Center","correct":false,"count":"54"}]
Answers: "Jason Voorhees","correct":true,"count":"97,959"
Answers: "Jason Waterfalls","correct":false,"count":"7,475"
Answers: "Jason Derulo","correct":false,"count":"7,519"}]
Answers: "Smug Life","correct":false,"count":"1,441"
Answers: "Thug life","correct":true,"count":"95,384"
Answers: "Pixar’s A Bug’s Life","correct":false,"count":"1,207"}]
Answers: "Wilbur & Orville Wright","correct":true,"count":"91,461"
Answers: "Alexander Graham Bell","correct":false,"count":"1,696"
Answers: "Thomas Edison","correct":false,"count":"1,708"}]
Answers: "Robe","correct":false,"count":"27,213"
Answers: "Sling","correct":true,"count":"36,523"
Answers: "Sack","correct":false,"count":"25,561"}]
Answers: "Earth","correct":true,"count":"5,844"
Answers: "Moon’s shadow","correct":false,"count":"4,981"
Answers: "Moon","correct":false,"count":"27,512"}]
Answers: "Michael Jordan","correct":true,"count":"7,046"
Answers: "Bill Russell","correct":false,"count":"1,157"
Answers: "Larry Bird","correct":false,"count":"1,408"}]
Answers: "Panda","correct":false,"count":"1,272"
Answers: "Warthog","correct":false,"count":"2,562"
Answers: "Ibex","correct":true,"count":"3,295"}]
Answers: "Queen Sea","correct":false,"count":"1,065"
Answers: "South Sea","correct":true,"count":"740"
Answers: "Pacific Ocean","correct":false,"count":"1,719"}]
Answers: "Clash of Clans","correct":false,"count":"226"
Answers: "Angry Birds","correct":false,"count":"261"
Answers: "Minecraft","correct":true,"count":"444"}]
Answers: "Pineapple juice","correct":true,"count":"221"
Answers: "Tomato juice","correct":false,"count":"207"
Answers: "Cranberry juice","correct":false,"count":"74"}]
Answers: "You Only Live Twice","correct":false,"count":"54"
Answers: "For Your Eyes Only","correct":false,"count":"65"
Answers: "Thunderball","correct":true,"count":"135"}]
Answers: "Romance","correct":true,"count":"67"
Answers: "Legal thriller","correct":false,"count":"32"
Answers: "Fantasy","correct":false,"count":"39"}]
Answers: "Seasons","correct":false,"count":"3,129"
Answers: "Non Blondes","correct":false,"count":"2,078"
Answers: "Oceans","correct":true,"count":"464,243"}]
Answers: "Feathers","correct":false,"count":"85,616"
Answers: "Salt water taffy","correct":false,"count":"8,711"
Answers: "Cure","correct":true,"count":"360,993"}]
Answers: "Freezes","correct":true,"count":"338,546"
Answers: "Becomes sentient","correct":false,"count":"4,846"
Answers: "Boils","correct":false,"count":"17,604"}]
Answers: "Messy pony","correct":true,"count":"324,462"
Answers: "Grubby zebra","correct":false,"count":"3,758"
Answers: "Dusty goat","correct":false,"count":"8,431"}]
Answers: "Banshee","correct":false,"count":"144,736"
Answers: "Poltergeist","correct":true,"count":"169,330"
Answers: "Specter","correct":false,"count":"6,003"}]
Answers: "Bangalore","correct":false,"count":"19,742"
Answers: "Jaipur","correct":false,"count":"12,242"
Answers: "Mumbai","correct":true,"count":"144,825"}]
Answers: "Buffy the Vampire Slayer","correct":false,"count":"25,581"
Answers: "Beverly Hills, 90210","correct":true,"count":"89,888"
Answers: "California Dreams","correct":false,"count":"19,147"}]
Answers: "Coke Jr.","correct":false,"count":"17,848"
Answers: "UnCoke","correct":false,"count":"15,450"
Answers: "Coke II","correct":true,"count":"58,286"}]
Answers: "Lithium","correct":false,"count":"15,415"
Answers: "Helium","correct":true,"count":"29,577"
Answers: "Nitrogen","correct":false,"count":"14,530"}]
Answers: "Georgetown","correct":true,"count":"17,713"
Answers: "Sofia","correct":false,"count":"5,174"
Answers: "Vaduz","correct":false,"count":"10,015"}]
Answers: "Barry Goldwater","correct":false,"count":"2,895"
Answers: "Ronald Reagan","correct":false,"count":"4,128"
Answers: "Gerald Ford","correct":true,"count":"12,158"}]
Answers: "Kenneth Branagh","correct":true,"count":"4,772"
Answers: "Annette Bening","correct":false,"count":"3,876"
Answers: "Jennifer Garner","correct":false,"count":"3,993"}]
Answers: "Lawn mower","correct":false,"count":"6,364"
Answers: "Goal","correct":true,"count":"539,365"
Answers: "Basketball game","correct":false,"count":"2,818"}]
Answers: "Penalty arc","correct":true,"count":"521,429"
Answers: "Round town","correct":false,"count":"5,946"
Answers: "Curve city","correct":false,"count":"3,358"}]
Answers: "Equal Football","correct":false,"count":"99,268"
Answers: "Liquid Football","correct":false,"count":"157,734"
Answers: "Total Football","correct":true,"count":"237,791"}]
Answers: "Defenders","correct":true,"count":"185,667"
Answers: "Forwards","correct":false,"count":"47,272"
Answers: "Midfielders","correct":false,"count":"16,182"}]
Answers: "Top player","correct":true,"count":"92,055"
Answers: "Top goalkeeper","correct":false,"count":"13,181"
Answers: "Top scorer","correct":false,"count":"82,710"}]
Answers: "Hand of God","correct":false,"count":"83,465"
Answers: "Lucky Strike","correct":false,"count":"4,019"
Answers: "Goal of the Century","correct":true,"count":"13,144"}]
Answers: "Germany","correct":false,"count":"3,093"
Answers: "United States","correct":false,"count":"9,646"
Answers: "England","correct":true,"count":"10,065"}]
Answers: "Pelé","correct":false,"count":"2,943"
Answers: "Just Fontaine","correct":true,"count":"4,059"
Answers: "Miroslav Klose","correct":false,"count":"3,824"}]
Answers: "Japan","correct":true,"count":"1,217"
Answers: "Brazil","correct":false,"count":"824"
Answers: "South Korea","correct":false,"count":"2,315"}]
Answers: "Abby Wambach","correct":false,"count":"527"
Answers: "Brandi Chastain","correct":false,"count":"643"
Answers: "Michelle Akers","correct":true,"count":"389"}]
Answers: "Ronaldinho","correct":false,"count":"76"
Answers: "“Brazilian Ronaldo”","correct":false,"count":"21"
Answers: "Kaka","correct":true,"count":"388"}]
Answers: "Mexico","correct":true,"count":"270"
Answers: "Brazil","correct":false,"count":"64"
Answers: "Germany","correct":false,"count":"67"}]
Answers: "Duck sauce","correct":false,"count":"2,074"
Answers: "Conditioner","correct":true,"count":"732,734"
Answers: "Chocolate sprinkles","correct":false,"count":"1,005"}]
Answers: "On eBay","correct":false,"count":"2,844"
Answers: "Out of her van","correct":false,"count":"1,955"
Answers: "By the seashore","correct":true,"count":"722,913"}]
Answers: "Do their chores","correct":false,"count":"66,651"
Answers: "Be quiet","correct":true,"count":"637,731"
Answers: "Fetch a dictionary","correct":false,"count":"6,590"}]
Answers: "Violet","correct":false,"count":"75,854"
Answers: "Red","correct":false,"count":"96,879"
Answers: "Yellow","correct":true,"count":"435,628"}]
Answers: "Sense and Sensibility","correct":false,"count":"72,518"
Answers: "Crime and Punishment","correct":true,"count":"332,078"
Answers: "Pride and Prejudice","correct":false,"count":"42,617"}]
Answers: "Myspace","correct":false,"count":"112,696"
Answers: "Napster","correct":false,"count":"82,639"
Answers: "Tumblr","correct":true,"count":"142,369"}]
Answers: "Olympic swimming coach","correct":false,"count":"11,830"
Answers: "Secret Service agent","correct":false,"count":"14,246"
Answers: "NASA engineer","correct":true,"count":"134,512"}]
Answers: "Henry Wallace","correct":true,"count":"56,202"
Answers: "Lyndon Johnson","correct":false,"count":"46,488"
Answers: "Aaron Burr","correct":false,"count":"28,083"}]
Answers: "Real estate agent","correct":true,"count":"26,859"
Answers: "Close-up magician","correct":false,"count":"23,151"
Answers: "Pool lifeguard","correct":false,"count":"15,315"}]
Answers: "Righteous Brothers","correct":false,"count":"3,538"
Answers: "Allman Brothers","correct":false,"count":"19,388"
Answers: "Everly Brothers","correct":true,"count":"8,452"}]
Answers: "Dunk after dunk","correct":true,"count":"3,439"
Answers: "Went right under","correct":false,"count":"4,644"
Answers: "Moved too fast","correct":false,"count":"2,551"}]
Answers: "HTML","correct":true,"count":"1,660"
Answers: "HOTM","correct":false,"count":"645"
Answers: "MAIL","correct":false,"count":"1,902"}]
Answers: "Lagos","correct":false,"count":"793"
Answers: "Casablanca","correct":false,"count":"107"
Answers: "Dakar","correct":true,"count":"924"}]
Answers: "Polka, Polka, Polka","correct":false,"count":"129"
Answers: "Twin Lakes Polka","correct":false,"count":"430"
Answers: "Polka Party","correct":true,"count":"348"}]
Answers: "Donald Duck","correct":false,"count":"36"
Answers: "Pepé Le Pew","correct":false,"count":"109"
Answers: "Winnie the Pooh","correct":true,"count":"346"}]
Answers: "Travel through time","correct":false,"count":"15,205"
Answers: "Take candy from babies","correct":false,"count":"3,184"
Answers: "Ask questions","correct":true,"count":"440,074"}]
Answers: "Protesters on the pitch","correct":true,"count":"213,459"
Answers: "Nearby lightning","correct":false,"count":"164,662"
Answers: "Loose cat","correct":false,"count":"54,626"}]
Answers: "Collapsing a bridge","correct":false,"count":"136,293"
Answers: "Eating a car","correct":true,"count":"47,420"
Answers: "Stealing a statue","correct":false,"count":"32,527"}]
Answers: "Michelle Obama","correct":true,"count":"33,389"
Answers: "Drake","correct":false,"count":"9,724"
Answers: "Jennifer Lawrence","correct":false,"count":"12,556"}]
Answers: "Borders","correct":false,"count":"1,185"
Answers: "Blockbuster","correct":true,"count":"26,222"
Answers: "Toys R Us","correct":false,"count":"7,014"}]
Answers: "Demi Moore","correct":false,"count":"5,248"
Answers: "Sarah Silverman","correct":true,"count":"14,540"
Answers: "Martha Stewart","correct":false,"count":"6,844"}]
Answers: "Gucci","correct":true,"count":"12,372"
Answers: "Fendi","correct":false,"count":"1,727"
Answers: "Prada","correct":false,"count":"1,457"}]
Answers: "Prince Charles","correct":false,"count":"3,808"
Answers: "Meghan Markle","correct":false,"count":"3,247"
Answers: "The Queen","correct":true,"count":"5,698"}]
Answers: "Capes","correct":false,"count":"2,019"
Answers: "Jorts","correct":false,"count":"1,950"
Answers: "Sunglasses","correct":true,"count":"570,834"}]
Answers: "Ahh... Morning!","correct":false,"count":"30,057"
Answers: "Arise, Mates","correct":false,"count":"4,883"
Answers: "Ante Meridiem","correct":true,"count":"529,085"}]
Answers: "Ball python","correct":true,"count":"503,370"
Answers: "Marbled salamander","correct":false,"count":"12,949"
Answers: "Axolotl","correct":false,"count":"9,855"}]
Answers: "Secretary of State","correct":false,"count":"77,594"
Answers: "Governor of Arizona","correct":false,"count":"23,323"
Answers: "Supreme Court justice","correct":true,"count":"394,606"}]
Answers: "Georgia","correct":false,"count":"36,651"
Answers: "Peachtree","correct":true,"count":"270,314"
Answers: "Southern","correct":false,"count":"84,871"}]
Answers: "Thomas Jefferson","correct":false,"count":"55,448"
Answers: "John Hancock","correct":true,"count":"197,171"
Answers: "John Adams","correct":false,"count":"20,172"}]
Answers: "Not reading them","correct":true,"count":"44,729"
Answers: "Decorating the covers","correct":false,"count":"75,607"
Answers: "Giving them away","correct":false,"count":"70,984"}]
Answers: "Massachusetts","correct":true,"count":"29,222"
Answers: "Pennsylvania","correct":false,"count":"12,796"
Answers: "Virginia","correct":false,"count":"10,617"}]
Answers: "Dire","correct":true,"count":"9,783"
Answers: "Liar","correct":false,"count":"4,878"
Answers: "Pyre","correct":false,"count":"16,038"}]
Answers: "Garfield","correct":true,"count":"4,895"
Answers: "Spice Girls","correct":false,"count":"1,238"
Answers: "Al Gore","correct":false,"count":"5,309"}]
Answers: "New England Patriots","correct":false,"count":"3,071"
Answers: "New York Giants","correct":true,"count":"1,918"
Answers: "Dallas Cowboys","correct":false,"count":"690"}]
Answers: "Three’s Company","correct":false,"count":"453"
Answers: "Happy Days","correct":false,"count":"497"
Answers: "Soap","correct":true,"count":"1,558"}]
Answers: "Anti-gravity moonboots","correct":false,"count":"13,072"
Answers: "Electric scooters","correct":true,"count":"390,240"
Answers: "Gummy tricycle","correct":false,"count":"4,437"}]
Answers: "Tom Cruise","correct":false,"count":"46,728"
Answers: "Dwayne Johnson","correct":true,"count":"258,432"
Answers: "Chris Pratt","correct":false,"count":"72,865"}]
Answers: "Jeff Bezos","correct":false,"count":"9,593"
Answers: "Dogs","correct":true,"count":"142,729"
Answers: "Clouds","correct":false,"count":"70,452"}]
Answers: "Anti-gravity moonboots","correct":false,"count":"9,124"
Answers: "Electric scooters","correct":true,"count":"382,018"
Answers: "Gummy tricycle","correct":false,"count":"3,308"}]
Answers: "Tom Cruise","correct":false,"count":"31,147"
Answers: "Dwayne Johnson","correct":true,"count":"307,780"
Answers: "Chris Pratt","correct":false,"count":"37,543"}]
Answers: "Jeff Bezos","correct":false,"count":"8,324"
Answers: "Dogs","correct":true,"count":"249,224"
Answers: "Clouds","correct":false,"count":"45,284"}]
Answers: "His Little League coach","correct":false,"count":"45,325"
Answers: "His teammate","correct":false,"count":"15,075"
Answers: "His dad","correct":true,"count":"184,668"}]
Answers: "Beyoncé","correct":false,"count":"21,393"
Answers: "Cardi B","correct":false,"count":"46,287"
Answers: "Drake","correct":true,"count":"114,728"}]
Answers: "Supreme Court justice","correct":true,"count":"42,191"
Answers: "NASA astronaut","correct":false,"count":"38,195"
Answers: "Nobel Peace Prize winner","correct":false,"count":"28,191"}]
Answers: "Play golf","correct":true,"count":"26,760"
Answers: "Cast spells","correct":false,"count":"8,128"
Answers: "Get married","correct":false,"count":"9,259"}]
Answers: "Yoga mat","correct":true,"count":"8,543"
Answers: "Ball of yarn","correct":false,"count":"11,720"
Answers: "Bald man","correct":false,"count":"6,819"}]
Answers: "Baking cobblers","correct":false,"count":"3,537"
Answers: "Grabbing things","correct":true,"count":"547,342"
Answers: "Filing nails","correct":false,"count":"3,954"}]
Answers: "Elevated","correct":true,"count":"518,428"
Answers: "Elvish","correct":false,"count":"9,471"
Answers: "’Ello!","correct":false,"count":"10,210"}]
Answers: "Microsoft","correct":true,"count":"449,629"
Answers: "Apple","correct":false,"count":"32,375"
Answers: "Linux","correct":false,"count":"28,920"}]
Answers: "Spain","correct":false,"count":"21,976"
Answers: "Germany","correct":false,"count":"24,556"
Answers: "Japan","correct":true,"count":"403,977"}]
Answers: "Magic mirror","correct":true,"count":"60,232"
Answers: "Faithful mirror","correct":false,"count":"2,034"
Answers: "Mirror, mirror","correct":false,"count":"341,673"}]
Answers: "Nickel","correct":false,"count":"2,278"
Answers: "Aluminum","correct":false,"count":"1,758"
Answers: "Brass","correct":true,"count":"86,622"}]
Answers: "Ravens","correct":false,"count":"2,649"
Answers: "Horses","correct":true,"count":"37,403"
Answers: "Pigs","correct":false,"count":"44,946"}]
Answers: "Maybe","correct":false,"count":"10,890"
Answers: "Not at all","correct":true,"count":"28,637"
Answers: "Yesterday","correct":false,"count":"1,132"}]
Answers: "Getting a 1-UP","correct":false,"count":"7,286"
Answers: "Shrinking","correct":true,"count":"19,509"
Answers: "Getting a vine","correct":false,"count":"2,320"}]
Answers: "Sunset","correct":true,"count":"12,637"
Answers: "Sunrise","correct":false,"count":"4,819"
Answers: "Midnight","correct":false,"count":"3,120"}]
Answers: "El Salvador","correct":false,"count":"3,877"
Answers: "Guatemala","correct":true,"count":"4,708"
Answers: "Nicaragua","correct":false,"count":"4,872"}]
Answers: "Vera Wang","correct":true,"count":"3,845"
Answers: "Ralph Lauren","correct":false,"count":"764"
Answers: "Donna Karan","correct":false,"count":"1,447"}]
Answers: "Ty Cobb","correct":false,"count":"49,818"
Answers: "Air Bud","correct":false,"count":"8,995"
Answers: "Scott Rogowsky","correct":true,"count":"88,195"}]
Answers: "Tiger Woods","correct":true,"count":"64,621"
Answers: "Ronaldinho","correct":false,"count":"6,606"
Answers: "Magic Johnson","correct":false,"count":"19,171"}]
Answers: "NL designated hitter","correct":false,"count":"23,703"
Answers: "Pitcher","correct":false,"count":"23,449"
Answers: "Catcher","correct":true,"count":"15,561"}]
Answers: "Plaxico Burress","correct":true,"count":"10,349"
Answers: "David Tyree","correct":false,"count":"6,616"
Answers: "Amani Toomer","correct":false,"count":"2,078"}]
Answers: "Italy","correct":true,"count":"3,511"
Answers: "Argentina","correct":false,"count":"4,170"
Answers: "England","correct":false,"count":"3,322"}]
Answers: "Goose Gossage","correct":true,"count":"958"
Answers: "Lee Smith","correct":false,"count":"1,355"
Answers: "Trevor Hoffman","correct":false,"count":"1,929"}]
Answers: "George Foreman","correct":true,"count":"573"
Answers: "Ken Norton","correct":false,"count":"467"
Answers: "Joe Frazier","correct":false,"count":"244"}]
Answers: "Golf","correct":false,"count":"150"
Answers: "Tennis","correct":true,"count":"385"
Answers: "Soccer","correct":false,"count":"101"}]
Answers: "Sweden","correct":true,"count":"213"
Answers: "Russia","correct":false,"count":"65"
Answers: "Finland","correct":false,"count":"119"}]
Answers: "James Harden","correct":false,"count":"47"
Answers: "Carmelo Anthony","correct":true,"count":"83"
Answers: "Steph Curry","correct":false,"count":"111"}]
Answers: "Chipper Jones","correct":true,"count":"44"
Answers: "Reggie Jackson","correct":false,"count":"41"
Answers: "Mark McGwire","correct":false,"count":"13"}]
Answers: "Tour de France","correct":true,"count":"25"
Answers: "Little League World Ser.","correct":false,"count":"9"
Answers: "Wimbledon","correct":false,"count":"14"}]
Answers: "The most Xs","correct":false,"count":"6,278"
Answers: "The most Os","correct":false,"count":"2,397"
Answers: "Three in a row","correct":true,"count":"369,912"}]
Answers: "Happily","correct":true,"count":"288,090"
Answers: "Happiness","correct":false,"count":"40,202"
Answers: "Happy","correct":false,"count":"34,473"}]
Answers: "Red","correct":false,"count":"42,756"
Answers: "Pink","correct":false,"count":"30,933"
Answers: "Violet","correct":true,"count":"205,371"}]
Answers: "Literature","correct":false,"count":"27,973"
Answers: "Religious services","correct":false,"count":"33,153"
Answers: "Food","correct":true,"count":"136,282"}]
Answers: "Samoa","correct":false,"count":"11,065"
Answers: "Guam","correct":true,"count":"53,217"
Answers: "Hawaii","correct":false,"count":"85,098"}]
Answers: "Ratt","correct":true,"count":"20,960"
Answers: "Poison","correct":false,"count":"27,012"
Answers: "Quiet Riot","correct":false,"count":"26,138"}]
Answers: "Mercury / lead","correct":false,"count":"6,609"
Answers: "Copper / tungsten","correct":false,"count":"6,991"
Answers: "Iron / radon","correct":true,"count":"14,002"}]
Answers: "Delivery man","correct":false,"count":"3,921"
Answers: "Sheriff","correct":true,"count":"3,400"
Answers: "War veteran","correct":false,"count":"9,080"}]
Answers: "Sirloin","correct":true,"count":"549,326"
Answers: "Ladyloin","correct":false,"count":"2,944"
Answers: "Madameloin","correct":false,"count":"3,273"}]
Answers: "Comic-Con","correct":true,"count":"509,523"
Answers: "Pop-Party","correct":false,"count":"30,328"
Answers: "Game-Gathering","correct":false,"count":"3,529"}]
Answers: "Catcher","correct":false,"count":"20,540"
Answers: "Pitcher","correct":true,"count":"470,890"
Answers: "Shortstop","correct":false,"count":"16,474"}]
Answers: "Dwight Eisenhower","correct":false,"count":"212,247"
Answers: "Harry Truman","correct":true,"count":"218,481"
Answers: "Ronald Reagan","correct":false,"count":"37,619"}]
Answers: "Greenland","correct":false,"count":"31,359"
Answers: "Mount Everest","correct":false,"count":"44,481"
Answers: "Easter Island","correct":true,"count":"184,641"}]
Answers: "Blade Runner","correct":true,"count":"102,847"
Answers: "Top Gun","correct":false,"count":"23,003"
Answers: "Gladiator","correct":false,"count":"66,267"}]
Answers: "Butter","correct":true,"count":"50,291"
Answers: "Jewel","correct":false,"count":"27,655"
Answers: "Nut","correct":false,"count":"38,105"}]
Answers: "Trisdecagon","correct":false,"count":"9,221"
Answers: "Enneadecagon","correct":true,"count":"24,730"
Answers: "Octadecagon","correct":false,"count":"26,883"}]
Answers: "Henry Ford","correct":true,"count":"10,265"
Answers: "Ferruccio Lamborghini","correct":false,"count":"6,314"
Answers: "Enzo Ferrari","correct":false,"count":"14,286"}]
Answers: "Esquire","correct":true,"count":"2,031"
Answers: "Vanity Fair","correct":false,"count":"3,740"
Answers: "Time","correct":false,"count":"7,733"}]
Answers: "JRR Tolkien","correct":false,"count":"1,329"
Answers: "William Blake","correct":true,"count":"1,068"
Answers: "Ray Bradbury","correct":false,"count":"1,033"}]
Answers: "Sears","correct":true,"count":"673"
Answers: "Victorinox","correct":false,"count":"358"
Answers: "Kay Jewelers","correct":false,"count":"228"}]
Answers: "Greek letters","correct":true,"count":"463,069"
Answers: "Chic sweaters","correct":false,"count":"4,795"
Answers: "Horse feathers","correct":false,"count":"1,810"}]
Answers: "Tony","correct":false,"count":"75,449"
Answers: "Golden Globe","correct":true,"count":"360,640"
Answers: "Pulitzer","correct":false,"count":"18,526"}]
Answers: "Phone booth","correct":true,"count":"332,320"
Answers: "Delivery truck","correct":false,"count":"23,397"
Answers: "Greenhouse","correct":false,"count":"10,197"}]
Answers: "Mouth amuser","correct":true,"count":"138,245"
Answers: "Tiny bite","correct":false,"count":"135,341"
Answers: "One more","correct":false,"count":"57,242"}]
Answers: "Galileo Galilei","correct":true,"count":"122,649"
Answers: "Tycho Brahe","correct":false,"count":"24,724"
Answers: "Isaac Newton","correct":false,"count":"17,808"}]
Answers: "Lithium","correct":false,"count":"35,030"
Answers: "Phosphorus","correct":true,"count":"38,011"
Answers: "Potassium","correct":false,"count":"53,789"}]
Answers: "Sunday","correct":false,"count":"21,706"
Answers: "Later","correct":true,"count":"17,132"
Answers: "Steal","correct":false,"count":"14,668"}]
Answers: "Things that go bump","correct":false,"count":"5,004"
Answers: "Hitchhiking ghosts","correct":true,"count":"13,856"
Answers: "Creepies and crawlies","correct":false,"count":"3,113"}]
Answers: "Rocky","correct":false,"count":"2,958"
Answers: "The Sixth Sense","correct":false,"count":"2,137"
Answers: "Titanic","correct":true,"count":"662,416"}]
Answers: "Spock","correct":false,"count":"83,327"
Answers: "Kylo Ren","correct":true,"count":"546,918"
Answers: "Cady Heron","correct":false,"count":"22,564"}]
Answers: "Wizards","correct":false,"count":"77,171"
Answers: "Dragons","correct":true,"count":"366,172"
Answers: "Hobbits","correct":false,"count":"103,232"}]
Answers: "Muppet Treasure Island","correct":false,"count":"92,275"
Answers: "The Mighty Ducks","correct":false,"count":"132,144"
Answers: "Newsies","correct":true,"count":"161,456"}]
Answers: "Jack, I swear.","correct":true,"count":"29,917"
Answers: "I wish I could quit you.","correct":false,"count":"138,383"
Answers: "Brokeback got us good.","correct":false,"count":"16,148"}]
Answers: "Monkeybone","correct":true,"count":"3,630"
Answers: "Edward Scissorhands","correct":false,"count":"49,693"
Answers: "Bram Stoker’s Dracula","correct":false,"count":"1,802"}]
Answers: "Spray paint it","correct":false,"count":"1,305"
Answers: "Crash it","correct":false,"count":"1,027"
Answers: "Set it on fire","correct":true,"count":"7,116"}]
Answers: "Back to the Future","correct":false,"count":"299"
Answers: "The Breakfast Club","correct":true,"count":"4,903"
Answers: "Dirty Dancing","correct":false,"count":"1,963"}]
Answers: "Home Alone","correct":true,"count":"1,818"
Answers: "In & Out","correct":false,"count":"1,984"
Answers: "Junior","correct":false,"count":"1,201"}]
Answers: "Anchorman","correct":false,"count":"442"
Answers: "Bridesmaids","correct":true,"count":"698"
Answers: "The Hangover","correct":false,"count":"880"}]
Answers: "Rescuers Down Under","correct":true,"count":"330"
Answers: "The Transformers","correct":false,"count":"286"
Answers: "Mulan","correct":false,"count":"186"}]
Answers: "Seal off this pool","correct":true,"count":"73"
Answers: "If we stick together","correct":false,"count":"141"
Answers: "When we get out of here","correct":false,"count":"153"}]
Answers: "Nightcrawler","correct":false,"count":"3,641"
Answers: "Sparrow","correct":true,"count":"353,535"
Answers: "Llama","correct":false,"count":"3,086"}]
Answers: "Scales","correct":true,"count":"293,857"
Answers: "Sockeye salmon","correct":false,"count":"3,272"
Answers: "Hammer","correct":false,"count":"52,716"}]
Answers: "Strings","correct":true,"count":"159,984"
Answers: "Percussion","correct":false,"count":"40,101"
Answers: "Breath","correct":false,"count":"93,849"}]
Answers: "Shinto","correct":false,"count":"47,482"
Answers: "Buddhism","correct":false,"count":"68,852"
Answers: "Christianity","correct":true,"count":"54,128"}]
Answers: "Singin’ in the Rain","correct":true,"count":"49,682"
Answers: "White Christmas","correct":false,"count":"9,749"
Answers: "On the Town","correct":false,"count":"6,464"}]
Answers: "Manganese","correct":false,"count":"3,616"
Answers: "Aluminium","correct":false,"count":"2,976"
Answers: "Pyrite","correct":true,"count":"44,618"}]
Answers: "Teen Vogue","correct":false,"count":"12,808"
Answers: "Brides","correct":true,"count":"17,763"
Answers: "Bon Appétit","correct":false,"count":"14,372"}]
Answers: "Across Laguna Beach","correct":false,"count":"8,869"
Answers: "At the Santa Monica pier","correct":false,"count":"7,016"
Answers: "All over Manhattan","correct":true,"count":"7,094"}]
Answers: "The Moon","correct":true,"count":"467,587"
Answers: "Our feelings","correct":false,"count":"1,307"
Answers: "A duck","correct":false,"count":"713"}]
Answers: "MC Lyte","correct":false,"count":"2,619"
Answers: "MC Escher","correct":false,"count":"5,602"
Answers: "MC squared","correct":true,"count":"455,452"}]
Answers: "Latte","correct":false,"count":"9,305"
Answers: "Cold brew","correct":true,"count":"414,919"
Answers: "Cappuccino","correct":false,"count":"25,362"}]
Answers: "Wharf","correct":true,"count":"375,189"
Answers: "Jib","correct":false,"count":"16,139"
Answers: "Masthead","correct":false,"count":"22,531"}]
Answers: "About half","correct":false,"count":"58,156"
Answers: "None","correct":true,"count":"228,896"
Answers: "All of it","correct":false,"count":"85,282"}]
Answers: "Creep","correct":false,"count":"31,912"
Answers: "Smells Like Teen Spirit","correct":true,"count":"139,005"
Answers: "Bittersweet Symphony","correct":false,"count":"64,084"}]
Answers: "The Hero’s Journey","correct":true,"count":"85,076"
Answers: "The Soul's Voyage","correct":false,"count":"32,972"
Answers: "The Fool’s Errand","correct":false,"count":"29,810"}]
Answers: "Gone to jail","correct":false,"count":"6,123"
Answers: "Gone to camp","correct":true,"count":"36,513"
Answers: "Got a job","correct":false,"count":"48,995"}]
Answers: "Tagine","correct":true,"count":"22,956"
Answers: "Goulash","correct":false,"count":"13,725"
Answers: "Jambalaya","correct":false,"count":"8,173"}]
Answers: "1776","correct":true,"count":"7,072"
Answers: "Hair","correct":false,"count":"15,015"
Answers: "A Chorus Line","correct":false,"count":"3,651"}]
Answers: "Za","correct":false,"count":"1,315"
Answers: "Ki","correct":false,"count":"1,258"
Answers: "Uy","correct":true,"count":"8,032"}]
Answers: "My neighborhood","correct":false,"count":"613"
Answers: "The neighborhood","correct":false,"count":"5,524"
Answers: "This neighborhood","correct":true,"count":"2,157"}]
Answers: "Pit crew","correct":true,"count":"149,517"
Answers: "Terry Crews","correct":false,"count":"880"
Answers: "2 Live Crew","correct":false,"count":"417"}]
Answers: "Alex Bregman","correct":true,"count":"71,535"
Answers: "Willson Contreras","correct":false,"count":"20,182"
Answers: "Mike Trout","correct":false,"count":"41,536"}]
Answers: "Hit for the cycle","correct":true,"count":"63,547"
Answers: "Go around the horn","correct":false,"count":"3,348"
Answers: "Get a full house","correct":false,"count":"6,552"}]
Answers: "Shaquille O'Neal","correct":false,"count":"6,673"
Answers: "Dennis Rodman","correct":true,"count":"23,844"
Answers: "Wilt Chamberlain","correct":false,"count":"32,436"}]
Answers: "UFC","correct":true,"count":"17,928"
Answers: "British Open","correct":false,"count":"5,410"
Answers: "Men’s Wimbledon","correct":false,"count":"4,175"}]
Answers: "Celtics","correct":false,"count":"2,941"
Answers: "Spurs","correct":false,"count":"6,096"
Answers: "Raptors","correct":true,"count":"8,816"}]
Answers: "Expos","correct":true,"count":"6,768"
Answers: "Yankees","correct":false,"count":"1,898"
Answers: "Astros","correct":false,"count":"1,182"}]
Answers: "WNBA","correct":true,"count":"5,223"
Answers: "MLB","correct":false,"count":"739"
Answers: "MLS","correct":false,"count":"1,137"}]
Answers: "Joe Montana","correct":false,"count":"311"
Answers: "Doug Flutie","correct":false,"count":"2,862"
Answers: "Roger Staubach","correct":true,"count":"2,286"}]
Answers: "Nadia Comaneci","correct":false,"count":"895"
Answers: "Mary Lou Retton","correct":false,"count":"620"
Answers: "Yelena Shushunova","correct":true,"count":"1,302"}]
Answers: "East-Southeast","correct":false,"count":"273"
Answers: "West-Northwest","correct":false,"count":"505"
Answers: "East-Northeast","correct":true,"count":"522"}]
Answers: "Ferdinand","correct":true,"count":"157"
Answers: "Wilton","correct":false,"count":"220"
Answers: "Earvin","correct":false,"count":"307"}]
Answers: "Bookmark","correct":true,"count":"490,796"
Answers: "Wordkevin","correct":false,"count":"1,438"
Answers: "Pagesteve","correct":false,"count":"918"}]
Answers: "Answer Me!!","correct":false,"count":"92,493"
Answers: "It’s Me, Margaret","correct":true,"count":"379,405"}]
Answers: "Scotland","correct":false,"count":"48,175"
Answers: "France","correct":true,"count":"292,826"
Answers: "Norway","correct":false,"count":"41,582"}]
Answers: "Caramel / brandy","correct":false,"count":"8,868"
Answers: "Vanilla / hazelnut","correct":false,"count":"44,546"
Answers: "Chocolate / milk","correct":true,"count":"241,177"}]
Answers: "Praying mantis","correct":false,"count":"27,555"
Answers: "Earthworm","correct":false,"count":"10,566"
Answers: "Seahorse","correct":true,"count":"204,673"}]
Answers: "iPod Mini","correct":false,"count":"10,164"
Answers: "iPod Nano","correct":false,"count":"55,360"
Answers: "iPod Shuffle","correct":true,"count":"140,824"}]
Answers: "Working class","correct":true,"count":"62,649"
Answers: "Rich people","correct":false,"count":"11,107"
Answers: "The oldest","correct":false,"count":"72,972"}]
Answers: "Mexico","correct":false,"count":"26,272"
Answers: "Albania","correct":false,"count":"23,518"
Answers: "Egypt","correct":true,"count":"21,309"}]
Answers: "Zechariah","correct":false,"count":"2,148"
Answers: "Zebediah","correct":true,"count":"10,746"
Answers: "Zephaniah","correct":false,"count":"14,118"}]
Answers: "Downtown Athletic Club","correct":true,"count":"3,317"
Answers: "NCAA","correct":false,"count":"6,541"
Answers: "Yale Athletic Dept.","correct":false,"count":"2,630"}]
Answers: "Get three in a row","correct":false,"count":"1,170"
Answers: "Take enemy pieces","correct":true,"count":"872"
Answers: "Form a square","correct":false,"count":"2,097"}]
Answers: "Poetic Justice","correct":true,"count":"855"
Answers: "Pride","correct":false,"count":"204"
Answers: "Higher Learning","correct":false,"count":"314"}]
Answers: "Hatch","correct":true,"count":"910,840"
Answers: "Graduate college","correct":false,"count":"4,208"
Answers: "#followback","correct":false,"count":"1,535"}]
Answers: "The Rolling Stones","correct":true,"count":"870,317"
Answers: "The Beatles","correct":false,"count":"20,776"
Answers: "The Who","correct":false,"count":"13,665"}]
Answers: "South Africa","correct":true,"count":"736,709"
Answers: "Egypt","correct":false,"count":"7,062"
Answers: "Nigeria","correct":false,"count":"122,535"}]
Answers: "Future","correct":false,"count":"59,544"
Answers: "Drake","correct":true,"count":"580,144"
Answers: "Chance","correct":false,"count":"106,706"}]
Answers: "Tonne","correct":false,"count":"32,024"
Answers: "Kilo","correct":false,"count":"125,858"
Answers: "Stone","correct":true,"count":"443,546"}]
Answers: "Million Dollar Baby","correct":false,"count":"40,969"
Answers: "A Beautiful Mind","correct":true,"count":"253,640"
Answers: "Slumdog Millionaire","correct":false,"count":"162,080"}]
Answers: "Esquire","correct":true,"count":"139,034"
Answers: "Vogue","correct":false,"count":"75,803"
Answers: "Cosmopolitan","correct":false,"count":"65,057"}]
Answers: "Airplane wing","correct":true,"count":"109,762"
Answers: "Nuclear reactor","correct":false,"count":"21,502"
Answers: "Rechargeable battery","correct":false,"count":"28,543"}]
Answers: "Chris Pine","correct":false,"count":"10,511"
Answers: "Chris Hemsworth","correct":true,"count":"75,751"
Answers: "Chris Pratt","correct":false,"count":"29,554"}]
Answers: "Gimcrack","correct":true,"count":"10,391"
Answers: "Bric a brac","correct":false,"count":"23,369"
Answers: "Knickknack","correct":false,"count":"47,803"}]
Answers: "Loggers","correct":true,"count":"11,393"
Answers: "Taxi drivers","correct":false,"count":"2,908"
Answers: "Fish sellers","correct":false,"count":"7,114"}]
Answers: "Godzilla","correct":false,"count":"1,660"
Answers: "Conan the Barbarian","correct":true,"count":"7,826"
Answers: "Batman","correct":false,"count":"2,686"}]
Answers: "Xanadu","correct":false,"count":"4,298"
Answers: "The Boy from Oz","correct":true,"count":"1,869"
Answers: "Jersey Boys","correct":false,"count":"1,995"}]
Answers: "The Next Generation","correct":false,"count":"830"
Answers: "Voyager","correct":true,"count":"658"
Answers: "Discovery","correct":false,"count":"868"}]
Answers: "Joe Frazier","correct":true,"count":"249"
Answers: "Muhammad Ali","correct":false,"count":"473"
Answers: "Mike Tyson","correct":false,"count":"163"}]
Answers: "David Fincher","correct":true,"count":"104"
Answers: "Stanley Kubrick","correct":false,"count":"79"
Answers: "Francis Ford Coppola","correct":false,"count":"63"}]
Answers: "Waist","correct":true,"count":"31"
Answers: "Lips","correct":false,"count":"21"
Answers: "Neck","correct":false,"count":"43"}]
Answers: "Mountain of the Spirit","correct":true,"count":"10"
Answers: "Goddess of the Valley","correct":false,"count":"12"
Answers: "Peak of Heaven","correct":false,"count":"7"}]
Answers: "Ricky Martin","correct":true,"count":"4"
Answers: "Robbie Williams","correct":false,"count":"4"
Answers: "Shakira","correct":false,"count":"2"}]
Answers: "Skulls","correct":true,"count":"3"
Answers: "Sets of gloves","correct":false,"count":"0"
Answers: "Violins","correct":false,"count":"0"}]
Answers: "Washington Monument","correct":false,"count":"1"
Answers: "Statue of Liberty","correct":false,"count":"0"
Answers: "Gateway Arch","correct":true,"count":"2"}]
Answers: "Joseph","correct":false,"count":"0"
Answers: "Jeremy","correct":true,"count":"1"
Answers: "Joan","correct":false,"count":"1"}]
Answers: "High-definition","correct":true,"count":"355,361"
Answers: "Hilary Duff","correct":false,"count":"1,018"
Answers: "Hot dancing","correct":false,"count":"324"}]
Answers: "Lion","correct":false,"count":"1,614"
Answers: "Snake","correct":false,"count":"2,300"
Answers: "Fish","correct":true,"count":"348,700"}]
Answers: "Hannibal","correct":false,"count":"104,511"
Answers: "Hamentashen","correct":false,"count":"31,718"
Answers: "Hammurabi","correct":true,"count":"193,976"}]
Answers: "Fred Flintstone","correct":true,"count":"152,078"
Answers: "George Jetson","correct":false,"count":"28,438"
Answers: "Homer Simpson","correct":false,"count":"15,526"}]
Answers: "Bayou State","correct":false,"count":"48,394"
Answers: "Sooner State","correct":false,"count":"36,834"
Answers: "Magnolia State","correct":true,"count":"65,377"}]
Answers: "Bill Clinton","correct":true,"count":"16,366"
Answers: "Ronald Reagan","correct":false,"count":"43,129"
Answers: "George Bush","correct":false,"count":"14,262"}]
Answers: "Caribbean island","correct":false,"count":"5,496"
Answers: "Nobel Prize money","correct":true,"count":"6,071"
Answers: "Elvis memorabilia","correct":false,"count":"12,182"}]
Answers: "Halloween","correct":true,"count":"2,691"
Answers: "Scream","correct":false,"count":"2,944"
Answers: "Psycho","correct":false,"count":"2,757"}]
Answers: "By the way","correct":true,"count":"582,911"
Answers: "Born to whine","correct":false,"count":"2,054"
Answers: "Brilliant, Tommy Wiseau!","correct":false,"count":"1,055"}]
Answers: "Baguette","correct":true,"count":"576,846"
Answers: "Corvette","correct":false,"count":"1,672"
Answers: "Bob Saguette","correct":false,"count":"969"}]
Answers: "PDF lane","correct":false,"count":"20,371"
Answers: "HOV lane","correct":true,"count":"510,877"
Answers: "OPP lane","correct":false,"count":"35,123"}]
Answers: "Soccer","correct":false,"count":"6,067"
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"10,433"
Answers: "Baseball","correct":true,"count":"496,425"}]
Answers: "Great Pyramids","correct":false,"count":"21,123"
Answers: "Notre-Dame Cathedral","correct":true,"count":"406,581"
Answers: "Eiffel Tower","correct":false,"count":"62,751"}]
Answers: "Board games","correct":false,"count":"80,303"
Answers: "Flags","correct":true,"count":"153,067"
Answers: "Words","correct":false,"count":"167,247"}]
Answers: "Beverly Hills Cop","correct":false,"count":"35,485"
Answers: "Mad Max","correct":true,"count":"107,108"
Answers: "Police Academy","correct":false,"count":"34,607"}]
Answers: "City in America","correct":false,"count":"8,880"
Answers: "City in England","correct":false,"count":"83,957"
Answers: "Inventor of dish","correct":true,"count":"20,612"}]
Answers: "Kool-Aid Man","correct":true,"count":"23,554"
Answers: "Mr. Peanut","correct":false,"count":"2,604"
Answers: "Pillsbury Doughboy","correct":false,"count":"7,221"}]
Answers: "Buffalo wings","correct":true,"count":"13,947"
Answers: "Bloody Mary","correct":false,"count":"4,042"
Answers: "Crab cakes","correct":false,"count":"6,537"}]
Answers: "Electrocution","correct":false,"count":"3,955"
Answers: "Hypnosis","correct":true,"count":"7,442"
Answers: "SONAR blasts","correct":false,"count":"3,596"}]
Answers: "Ships","correct":true,"count":"6,420"
Answers: "Hotels","correct":false,"count":"765"
Answers: "Restaurants","correct":false,"count":"1,255"}]
Answers: "Plane","correct":true,"count":"353,554"
Answers: "Foot","correct":false,"count":"9,949"
Answers: "Group chat","correct":false,"count":"1,005"}]
Answers: "Clarinet","correct":true,"count":"314,581"
Answers: "Bass guitar","correct":false,"count":"17,769"
Answers: "Trombone","correct":false,"count":"18,330"}]
Answers: "Narcissus","correct":true,"count":"267,304"
Answers: "Icarus","correct":false,"count":"27,115"
Answers: "Apollo","correct":false,"count":"17,505"}]
Answers: "White elephant","correct":true,"count":"222,896"
Answers: "Red rooster","correct":false,"count":"32,641"
Answers: "Golden tiger","correct":false,"count":"10,891"}]
Answers: "Vegetables","correct":false,"count":"76,404"
Answers: "Rice","correct":true,"count":"98,676"
Answers: "Fish","correct":false,"count":"39,319"}]
Answers: "James K. Polk","correct":false,"count":"34,820"
Answers: "William McKinley","correct":false,"count":"32,599"
Answers: "Martin van Buren","correct":true,"count":"39,672"}]
Answers: "Malta","correct":false,"count":"15,297"
Answers: "Kenya","correct":true,"count":"18,224"
Answers: "Crete","correct":false,"count":"12,530"}]
Answers: "Soap","correct":false,"count":"15,392"
Answers: "Soft drink","correct":true,"count":"3,026"
Answers: "Paper towels","correct":false,"count":"3,230"}]
Answers: "A big hammer","correct":false,"count":"64,014"
Answers: "Nintendo 64","correct":false,"count":"8,964"
Answers: "Paper","correct":true,"count":"461,329"}]
Answers: "March","correct":true,"count":"406,629"
Answers: "September","correct":false,"count":"26,561"
Answers: "June","correct":false,"count":"25,696"}]
Answers: "Gin","correct":false,"count":"21,501"
Answers: "Mezcal","correct":false,"count":"107,589"
Answers: "Tequila","correct":true,"count":"271,466"}]
Answers: "Hedonist","correct":false,"count":"34,134"
Answers: "Charlatan","correct":true,"count":"184,433"
Answers: "Neophyte","correct":false,"count":"54,392"}]
Answers: "Complete darkness","correct":false,"count":"11,941"
Answers: "High heat","correct":true,"count":"150,896"
Answers: "Outdoors","correct":false,"count":"22,190"}]
Answers: "Fantasia","correct":false,"count":"76,733"
Answers: "The Lion King","correct":false,"count":"36,256"
Answers: "Beauty and the Beast","correct":true,"count":"38,504"}]
Answers: "District of Columbia","correct":false,"count":"9,687"
Answers: "Boston","correct":false,"count":"8,350"
Answers: "Chicago","correct":true,"count":"29,269"}]
Answers: "Wheel of Fortune","correct":false,"count":"3,999"
Answers: "Saturday Night Live","correct":true,"count":"24,074"
Answers: "Today","correct":false,"count":"2,835"}]
Answers: "Iron","correct":false,"count":"3,827"
Answers: "Gold","correct":true,"count":"18,146"
Answers: "Silver","correct":false,"count":"2,614"}]
Answers: "Little Women","correct":true,"count":"13,828"
Answers: "The Scarlet Letter","correct":false,"count":"2,305"
Answers: "The Grapes of Wrath","correct":false,"count":"2,651"}]
Answers: "Mariners","correct":false,"count":"1,120"
Answers: "Blue Jays","correct":true,"count":"11,252"
Answers: "Twins","correct":false,"count":"2,013"}]
Answers: "Star Wars","correct":true,"count":"9,741"
Answers: "The Sound of Music","correct":false,"count":"992"
Answers: "Avatar","correct":false,"count":"1,353"}]
Answers: "Forehead","correct":false,"count":"7,468"
Answers: "Fore Score & 7 Years Ago","correct":false,"count":"831"
Answers: "Forehand","correct":true,"count":"165,634"}]
Answers: "Third baseman","correct":false,"count":"4,539"
Answers: "Left-handed thrower","correct":true,"count":"148,745"
Answers: "Left fielder","correct":false,"count":"10,869"}]
Answers: "Grow beards","correct":true,"count":"135,414"
Answers: "Always stay in hotels","correct":false,"count":"1,748"
Answers: "Stop talking to press","correct":false,"count":"8,904"}]
Answers: "Bryce Harper","correct":false,"count":"32,542"
Answers: "Matt Carpenter","correct":true,"count":"59,648"
Answers: "JD Martinez","correct":false,"count":"38,837"}]
Answers: "Scotland","correct":true,"count":"44,956"
Answers: "Northern Ireland","correct":false,"count":"7,182"
Answers: "England","correct":false,"count":"11,408"}]
Answers: "Houston","correct":false,"count":"3,856"
Answers: "Chicago","correct":true,"count":"39,447"
Answers: "Miami","correct":false,"count":"2,853"}]
Answers: "Patrick Ewing","correct":false,"count":"5,084"
Answers: "Scottie Pippen","correct":false,"count":"6,372"
Answers: "Isiah Thomas","correct":true,"count":"27,730"}]
Answers: "USA","correct":false,"count":"8,531"
Answers: "Belgium","correct":true,"count":"13,263"
Answers: "Spain","correct":false,"count":"7,177"}]
Answers: "Darren Sproles","correct":true,"count":"5,841"
Answers: "Adrian Peterson","correct":false,"count":"7,522"
Answers: "Chris Johnson","correct":false,"count":"1,586"}]
Answers: "Avalanche","correct":false,"count":"632"
Answers: "Ducks","correct":false,"count":"1,194"
Answers: "Lightning","correct":true,"count":"4,766"}]
Answers: "Puffin","correct":false,"count":"3,451"
Answers: "Snake","correct":false,"count":"796"
Answers: "Dog","correct":true,"count":"703"}]
Answers: "Lineman","correct":false,"count":"256"
Answers: "Punter","correct":true,"count":"419"
Answers: "Quarterback","correct":false,"count":"296"}]
Answers: "Hot weather","correct":false,"count":"3,406"
Answers: "Arli$$ reruns","correct":false,"count":"1,353"
Answers: "Bad luck","correct":true,"count":"342,820"}]
Answers: "Telemarketing","correct":false,"count":"1,529"
Answers: "Entertainment","correct":true,"count":"333,890"
Answers: "Shoe sales","correct":false,"count":"1,100"}]
Answers: "Napoleon Bonaparte","correct":true,"count":"295,416"
Answers: "Attila the Hun","correct":false,"count":"11,778"
Answers: "Genghis Khan","correct":false,"count":"21,223"}]
Answers: "Cobb","correct":false,"count":"43,180"
Answers: "Waldorf","correct":true,"count":"217,381"
Answers: "Caprese","correct":false,"count":"33,800"}]
Answers: "Katy Perry","correct":true,"count":"147,453"
Answers: "Björk","correct":false,"count":"22,825"
Answers: "Nicki Minaj","correct":false,"count":"49,013"}]
Answers: "Ziploc","correct":true,"count":"54,262"
Answers: "Elmer’s Glue","correct":false,"count":"36,440"
Answers: "Latex","correct":false,"count":"58,604"}]
Answers: "John F. Kennedy","correct":false,"count":"7,830"
Answers: "Jimmy Carter","correct":false,"count":"35,212"
Answers: "John Lewis","correct":true,"count":"19,295"}]
Answers: "Flappy Bird","correct":true,"count":"6,206"
Answers: "Angry Birds","correct":false,"count":"8,422"
Answers: "Plants vs. Zombies","correct":false,"count":"8,111"}]
Answers: "Neon","correct":false,"count":"2,746"
Answers: "Champagne","correct":false,"count":"3,489"
Answers: "Electricity","correct":true,"count":"509,812"}]
Answers: "Frozen","correct":false,"count":"16,028"
Answers: "Inglourious Basterds","correct":true,"count":"465,469"
Answers: "Finding Nemo","correct":false,"count":"19,698"}]
Answers: "Narrative","correct":false,"count":"14,963"
Answers: "Plot","correct":true,"count":"428,198"
Answers: "Parcel","correct":false,"count":"15,192"}]
Answers: "Pharmacology","correct":false,"count":"72,673"
Answers: "Philanthropy","correct":false,"count":"44,609"
Answers: "Philosophy","correct":true,"count":"298,006"}]
Answers: "Oars","correct":false,"count":"28,679"
Answers: "Scales","correct":false,"count":"86,976"
Answers: "Chains","correct":true,"count":"182,662"}]
Answers: "Rolling several doubles","correct":false,"count":"68,205"
Answers: "Bankruptcy","correct":true,"count":"100,831"
Answers: "Drawing a card","correct":false,"count":"15,991"}]
Answers: "Quesarito","correct":false,"count":"9,716"
Answers: "Enchirito","correct":false,"count":"17,144"
Answers: "Chalupa","correct":true,"count":"78,815"}]
Answers: "France","correct":true,"count":"52,089"
Answers: "Brazil","correct":false,"count":"9,302"
Answers: "Netherlands","correct":false,"count":"17,866"}]
Answers: "Troy Aikman","correct":false,"count":"11,178"
Answers: "Allen Iverson","correct":false,"count":"12,344"
Answers: "Dave Winfield","correct":true,"count":"27,780"}]
Answers: "Canada","correct":true,"count":"15,233"
Answers: "China","correct":false,"count":"8,701"
Answers: "USA","correct":false,"count":"6,534"}]
Answers: "The Rolling Stones","correct":false,"count":"1,392"
Answers: "Toto","correct":false,"count":"11,707"
Answers: "Queen","correct":true,"count":"4,090"}]
Answers: "Ginger","correct":true,"count":"3,187"
Answers: "Clove","correct":false,"count":"1,554"
Answers: "Wintergreen","correct":false,"count":"1,964"}]
Answers: "Penn from Penn & Teller","correct":false,"count":"11,758"
Answers: "Some guy in a cellar","correct":false,"count":"6,371"
Answers: "Ross Geller","correct":true,"count":"338,139"}]
Answers: "The Argonauts","correct":true,"count":"296,378"
Answers: "The Astronauts","correct":false,"count":"27,344"
Answers: "The Alphabets","correct":false,"count":"9,445"}]
Answers: "Alaska","correct":true,"count":"65,997"
Answers: "Florida","correct":false,"count":"37,293"
Answers: "Texas","correct":false,"count":"183,876"}]
Answers: "Fruit","correct":true,"count":"28,937"
Answers: "Legume","correct":false,"count":"32,342"
Answers: "Nut","correct":false,"count":"16,448"}]
Answers: "American football","correct":false,"count":"9,212"
Answers: "Soccer","correct":true,"count":"19,981"
Answers: "Baseball","correct":false,"count":"2,031"}]
Answers: "Saguaro cactus","correct":false,"count":"5,239"
Answers: "White oleander","correct":false,"count":"7,708"
Answers: "Yucca palm","correct":true,"count":"7,559"}]
Answers: "Quantum theory","correct":true,"count":"2,690"
Answers: "Big Bang","correct":false,"count":"2,868"
Answers: "Relativity","correct":false,"count":"3,270"}]
Answers: "Digital photography","correct":false,"count":"936"
Answers: "Sneakers","correct":true,"count":"1,344"
Answers: "TV recaps","correct":false,"count":"1,201"}]
Answers: "Fearsome lizard","correct":true,"count":"521,743"
Answers: "Weird dog","correct":false,"count":"4,854"
Answers: "Funky funky chicken","correct":false,"count":"3,181"}]
Answers: "Cats","correct":false,"count":"5,796"
Answers: "Elephants","correct":false,"count":"79,749"
Answers: "Birds","correct":true,"count":"429,418"}]
Answers: "Giraffe","correct":false,"count":"60,097"
Answers: "Water buffalo","correct":false,"count":"116,494"
Answers: "Turkey","correct":true,"count":"250,133"}]
Answers: "Coelacanth","correct":true,"count":"161,130"
Answers: "Giganotosaurus","correct":false,"count":"32,458"
Answers: "Spinosaurus","correct":false,"count":"44,687"}]
Answers: "Protoceratops","correct":false,"count":"14,719"
Answers: "Pterodactyl","correct":true,"count":"93,716"
Answers: "Iguanodon","correct":false,"count":"56,930"}]
Answers: "Tanzania","correct":false,"count":"18,607"
Answers: "Kazakhstan","correct":false,"count":"12,926"
Answers: "Mexico","correct":true,"count":"67,953"}]
Answers: "Permian","correct":false,"count":"2,000"
Answers: "Triassic","correct":false,"count":"21,535"
Answers: "Cretaceous","correct":true,"count":"46,373"}]
Answers: "Diplodocus","correct":false,"count":"15,759"
Answers: "Stegosaurus","correct":true,"count":"16,268"
Answers: "Brontosaurus","correct":false,"count":"16,758"}]
Answers: "Elvis Presley","correct":true,"count":"17,394"
Answers: "Madonna","correct":false,"count":"1,387"
Answers: "Prince","correct":false,"count":"2,976"}]
Answers: "Triceratops","correct":false,"count":"614"
Answers: "Ankylosaurus","correct":false,"count":"3,910"
Answers: "Apatosaurus","correct":true,"count":"13,322"}]
Answers: "Irritator","correct":true,"count":"11,312"
Answers: "Dominator","correct":false,"count":"1,659"
Answers: "Gladiator","correct":false,"count":"878"}]
Answers: "T. Rex / homo sapiens","correct":true,"count":"3,897"
Answers: "Triceratops / Eoraptor","correct":false,"count":"4,310"
Answers: "Icarosaurus / Titanosaur","correct":false,"count":"3,287"}]
Answers: "Sandcastles","correct":true,"count":"351,330"
Answers: "Sandcondos","correct":false,"count":"1,291"
Answers: "Sandwiches","correct":false,"count":"1,176"}]
Answers: "Chile","correct":false,"count":"18,086"
Answers: "Bulgaria","correct":true,"count":"303,343"
Answers: "Egypt","correct":false,"count":"21,748"}]
Answers: "Gnashers","correct":false,"count":"6,962"
Answers: "Spuddies","correct":false,"count":"19,428"
Answers: "Crisps","correct":true,"count":"275,011"}]
Answers: "To Kill a Mockingbird","correct":true,"count":"144,479"
Answers: "Catch-22","correct":false,"count":"60,725"
Answers: "Watchmen","correct":false,"count":"60,740"}]
Answers: "Record label","correct":false,"count":"77,839"
Answers: "Publishing house","correct":false,"count":"24,968"
Answers: "TV channel","correct":true,"count":"47,013"}]
Answers: "Staple remover","correct":false,"count":"5,812"
Answers: "Sticky notes","correct":false,"count":"22,469"
Answers: "White-out","correct":true,"count":"28,031"}]
Answers: "The Ad Libs","correct":false,"count":"6,200"
Answers: "The Winstons","correct":true,"count":"19,150"
Answers: "The Ikettes","correct":false,"count":"5,713"}]
Answers: "Robert Downey, Jr.","correct":false,"count":"6,608"
Answers: "Cate Blanchett","correct":true,"count":"8,907"
Answers: "Faye Dunaway","correct":false,"count":"5,135"}]
Answers: "Combovering","correct":false,"count":"7,496"
Answers: "Shampooing","correct":false,"count":"9,495"
Answers: "Curling","correct":true,"count":"426,281"}]
Answers: "King Henry VIII","correct":true,"count":"352,858"
Answers: "Winston Churchill","correct":false,"count":"47,878"
Answers: "Margaret Thatcher","correct":false,"count":"20,731"}]
Answers: "Batman","correct":true,"count":"336,543"
Answers: "Superman","correct":false,"count":"7,069"
Answers: "Captain America","correct":false,"count":"11,089"}]
Answers: "New Orleans","correct":true,"count":"207,411"
Answers: "Chicago","correct":false,"count":"45,915"
Answers: "Atlanta","correct":false,"count":"78,260"}]
Answers: "Mayonnaise","correct":true,"count":"173,617"
Answers: "Mustard","correct":false,"count":"26,103"
Answers: "Ketchup","correct":false,"count":"15,076"}]
Answers: "Displays stock quotes","correct":false,"count":"19,560"
Answers: "Recharges phones","correct":false,"count":"79,927"
Answers: "Gives free wifi","correct":true,"count":"60,447"}]
Answers: "Subject / verb","correct":true,"count":"52,172"
Answers: "Subject / object","correct":false,"count":"12,082"
Answers: "Verb / object","correct":false,"count":"6,775"}]
Answers: "Spanish-American War","correct":false,"count":"12,760"
Answers: "American Civil War","correct":true,"count":"31,612"
Answers: "War of 1812","correct":false,"count":"8,701"}]
Answers: "Theme song","correct":false,"count":"2,016"
Answers: "Captions","correct":true,"count":"5,960"
Answers: "Live audience","correct":false,"count":"26,068"}]
Answers: "42nd Street","correct":false,"count":"2,466"
Answers: "The King and I","correct":false,"count":"3,112"
Answers: "A Chorus Line","correct":true,"count":"5,747"}]
Answers: "Athena","correct":false,"count":"1,428"
Answers: "Aphrodite","correct":true,"count":"3,031"
Answers: "Hera","correct":false,"count":"1,968"}]
Answers: "Lycos","correct":true,"count":"1,391"
Answers: "HotBot","correct":false,"count":"504"
Answers: "Ask Jeeves","correct":false,"count":"1,555"}]
Answers: "Hawaiian","correct":false,"count":"1,857"
Answers: "Uppercut","correct":true,"count":"159,267"
Answers: "And Judy","correct":false,"count":"538"}]
Answers: "Megatron","correct":false,"count":"10,095"
Answers: "Les Bonbons","correct":false,"count":"24,473"
Answers: "Peloton","correct":true,"count":"121,576"}]
Answers: "Cooperstown","correct":true,"count":"100,600"
Answers: "Springfield","correct":false,"count":"13,694"
Answers: "Canton","correct":false,"count":"7,826"}]
Answers: "Ezekiel Elliott","correct":false,"count":"12,570"
Answers: "Todd Gurley","correct":true,"count":"67,884"
Answers: "Le’Veon Bell","correct":false,"count":"17,982"}]
Answers: "Dodgers","correct":false,"count":"12,093"
Answers: "Mets","correct":true,"count":"47,767"
Answers: "Cubs","correct":false,"count":"8,975"}]
Answers: "Gymnastics","correct":false,"count":"19,435"
Answers: "Swimming","correct":true,"count":"19,220"
Answers: "Track & field","correct":false,"count":"10,166"}]
Answers: "MLB rubber to home plate","correct":false,"count":"2,079"
Answers: "NHL blue line to goal","correct":false,"count":"2,975"
Answers: "NBA 3-point line to hoop","correct":true,"count":"17,099"}]
Answers: "Hope Solo","correct":false,"count":"744"
Answers: "Megan Rapinoe","correct":true,"count":"4,647"
Answers: "Carli Lloyd","correct":false,"count":"12,370"}]
Answers: "Charles Barkley","correct":true,"count":"3,667"
Answers: "Scottie Pippen","correct":false,"count":"1,064"
Answers: "Allen Iverson","correct":false,"count":"1,306"}]
Answers: "Wide receiver","correct":true,"count":"438"
Answers: "Kicker","correct":false,"count":"2,366"
Answers: "Linebacker","correct":false,"count":"1,175"}]
Answers: "David Duval","correct":true,"count":"242"
Answers: "Davis Love III","correct":false,"count":"357"
Answers: "Gary Nicklaus","correct":false,"count":"310"}]
Answers: "Jaromir Jagr","correct":true,"count":"128"
Answers: "Gordie Howe","correct":false,"count":"70"
Answers: "Mario Lemieux","correct":false,"count":"102"}]
Answers: "The Alphabet Song","correct":true,"count":"430,297"
Answers: "Ice Ice Baby","correct":false,"count":"11,844"
Answers: "U Can’t Touch This","correct":false,"count":"5,007"}]
Answers: "Pants","correct":true,"count":"424,875"
Answers: "Bow tie","correct":false,"count":"1,644"
Answers: "Propeller beanie","correct":false,"count":"1,589"}]
Answers: "Spinach","correct":false,"count":"15,502"
Answers: "Lasagna","correct":true,"count":"369,988"
Answers: "Cheesy Poofs","correct":false,"count":"32,370"}]
Answers: "George Washington","correct":true,"count":"219,503"
Answers: "Thomas Jefferson","correct":false,"count":"55,546"
Answers: "John Adams","correct":false,"count":"86,620"}]
Answers: "Watermelon","correct":true,"count":"27,056"
Answers: "Corn","correct":false,"count":"114,388"
Answers: "Okra","correct":false,"count":"86,460"}]
Answers: "Braille","correct":true,"count":"20,259"
Answers: "Graffiti","correct":false,"count":"10,518"
Answers: "Morse code","correct":false,"count":"10,574"}]
Answers: "It’s Too Late","correct":true,"count":"4,461"
Answers: "You’re So Vain","correct":false,"count":"12,055"
Answers: "Big Yellow Taxi","correct":false,"count":"4,340"}]
Answers: "Arizona","correct":true,"count":"5,007"
Answers: "California","correct":false,"count":"1,415"
Answers: "Oklahoma","correct":false,"count":"454"}]
Answers: "Theme park ride","correct":false,"count":"523"
Answers: "Platinum record","correct":false,"count":"3,351"
Answers: "Academy Award","correct":true,"count":"1,041"}]
Answers: "Asian households","correct":true,"count":"512"
Answers: "New York diners","correct":false,"count":"632"
Answers: "Race car tracks","correct":false,"count":"312"}]
Answers: "The Fifth Element","correct":true,"count":"342"
Answers: "Blade Runner","correct":false,"count":"156"
Answers: "The Matrix","correct":false,"count":"98"}]
Answers: "Humans","correct":false,"count":"82"
Answers: "Turing","correct":false,"count":"92"
Answers: "Program","correct":true,"count":"191"}]
Answers: "J. Fitzgerald Kennedy","correct":false,"count":"45,131"
Answers: "J. Love Hewitt","correct":false,"count":"26,833"
Answers: "F. Scott Fitzgerald","correct":true,"count":"689,470"}]
Answers: "Geology","correct":false,"count":"17,041"
Answers: "Zoology","correct":false,"count":"2,007"
Answers: "Aerospace engineering","correct":true,"count":"672,688"}]
Answers: "Its original material","correct":false,"count":"40,089"
Answers: "The word “tomboy”","correct":false,"count":"24,286"
Answers: "Its shape","correct":true,"count":"602,026"}]
Answers: "Tutu","correct":false,"count":"68,003"
Answers: "Nurse’s uniform","correct":false,"count":"123,063"
Answers: "Swimsuit","correct":true,"count":"414,277"}]
Answers: "Maritime","correct":false,"count":"161,800"
Answers: "Banking","correct":false,"count":"130,579"
Answers: "Criminal","correct":true,"count":"141,632"}]
Answers: "Pop","correct":false,"count":"40,550"
Answers: "Classical","correct":false,"count":"30,111"
Answers: "Jazz","correct":true,"count":"112,788"}]
Answers: "Cuba","correct":false,"count":"29,903"
Answers: "Hispaniola","correct":false,"count":"33,904"
Answers: "Jamaica","correct":true,"count":"56,804"}]
Answers: "Seventh Inning Fetch","correct":false,"count":"6,743"
Answers: "Golden Receiver","correct":false,"count":"5,646"
Answers: "Two Minutes for Ruffing","correct":true,"count":"53,055"}]
Answers: "Ludwig van Beethoven","correct":false,"count":"23,065"
Answers: "Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart","correct":true,"count":"23,589"
Answers: "Johann Sebastian Bach","correct":false,"count":"7,110"}]
Answers: "Southpark Desert","correct":false,"count":"3,613"
Answers: "Flintstone Desert","correct":false,"count":"9,248"
Answers: "Simpson Desert","correct":true,"count":"15,660"}]
Answers: "Reverend Spooner","correct":false,"count":"4,556"
Answers: "Mrs. Malaprop","correct":true,"count":"8,577"
Answers: "Dr. Oxymoron","correct":false,"count":"3,827"}]
Answers: "Huckleberry Finn","correct":true,"count":"1,922"
Answers: "Hester Prynne","correct":false,"count":"3,517"
Answers: "Dr. Frankenstein","correct":false,"count":"3,986"}]
Answers: "Late Night","correct":false,"count":"443"
Answers: "The Tonight Show","correct":false,"count":"773"
Answers: "Saturday Night Live","correct":true,"count":"1,655"}]
Answers: "-INE","correct":false,"count":"603"
Answers: "-GEN","correct":false,"count":"254"
Answers: "-ON","correct":true,"count":"885"}]
Answers: "Hairspray","correct":true,"count":"791"
Answers: "Heathers","correct":false,"count":"137"
Answers: "Rocky III","correct":false,"count":"90"}]
Answers: "Floodlights","correct":false,"count":"1,456"
Answers: "Candles","correct":true,"count":"352,920"
Answers: "Highway flares","correct":false,"count":"794"}]
Answers: "Bigfoot","correct":false,"count":"2,132"
Answers: "Moose","correct":false,"count":"13,982"
Answers: "Walrus","correct":true,"count":"333,973"}]
Answers: "Bro","correct":false,"count":"3,578"
Answers: "Binary","correct":true,"count":"320,067"
Answers: "Hammurabi’s","correct":false,"count":"7,049"}]
Answers: "The Learning Channel","correct":true,"count":"231,013"
Answers: "Time/Life Channel","correct":false,"count":"66,542"
Answers: "Tender Loving Care","correct":false,"count":"19,378"}]
Answers: "Chemical elements","correct":false,"count":"113,225"
Answers: "Adverbs","correct":true,"count":"38,124"
Answers: "Tolkien characters","correct":false,"count":"81,262"}]
Answers: "Bangladesh","correct":false,"count":"12,487"
Answers: "Pakistan","correct":true,"count":"31,843"
Answers: "Afghanistan","correct":false,"count":"10,099"}]
Answers: "Shagger","correct":false,"count":"14,134"
Answers: "Fungo","correct":true,"count":"14,458"
Answers: "Rumple","correct":false,"count":"4,879"}]
Answers: "Execute","correct":false,"count":"1,389"
Answers: "Preserve","correct":true,"count":"2,810"
Answers: "Uphold","correct":false,"count":"11,968"}]
Answers: "Back in Black","correct":false,"count":"617"
Answers: "Hells Bells","correct":false,"count":"905"
Answers: "Dirty Deeds","correct":true,"count":"3,026"}]
Answers: "Basil","correct":true,"count":"2,034"
Answers: "Peter","correct":false,"count":"929"
Answers: "Cyril","correct":false,"count":"266"}]
Answers: "Mathematics","correct":false,"count":"422"
Answers: "Chemistry","correct":false,"count":"210"
Answers: "Astronomy","correct":true,"count":"1,522"}]
Answers: "Lounge","correct":true,"count":"301"
Answers: "Kitchen","correct":false,"count":"885"
Answers: "Study","correct":false,"count":"370"}]
Answers: "Silk Road","correct":true,"count":"523,958"
Answers: "Spandex Superhighway","correct":false,"count":"8,535"
Answers: "Rayon Expressway","correct":false,"count":"43,989"}]
Answers: "Ruby","correct":false,"count":"7,959"
Answers: "Diamond","correct":true,"count":"512,729"
Answers: "Sapphire","correct":false,"count":"2,280"}]
Answers: "Foundation","correct":false,"count":"5,261"
Answers: "Mascara","correct":false,"count":"2,472"
Answers: "Lip gloss","correct":true,"count":"502,583"}]
Answers: "Get Me Down","correct":false,"count":"166,099"
Answers: "When We’re Winning","correct":false,"count":"48,697"
Answers: "Tubthumping","correct":true,"count":"278,910"}]
Answers: "Arak","correct":false,"count":"49,774"
Answers: "Halloumi","correct":false,"count":"91,955"
Answers: "Meze","correct":true,"count":"147,891"}]
Answers: "Veep","correct":false,"count":"30,719"
Answers: "Breaking Bad","correct":false,"count":"17,962"
Answers: "The Americans","correct":true,"count":"105,683"}]
Answers: "Nepal","correct":true,"count":"62,961"
Answers: "India","correct":false,"count":"34,172"
Answers: "China","correct":false,"count":"11,726"}]
Answers: "Melted","correct":false,"count":"6,047"
Answers: "Cold","correct":true,"count":"36,588"
Answers: "Room temperature","correct":false,"count":"27,122"}]
Answers: "American Samoa","correct":false,"count":"6,734"
Answers: "Puerto Rico","correct":true,"count":"21,033"
Answers: "Guam","correct":false,"count":"12,711"}]
Answers: "United States","correct":false,"count":"8,601"
Answers: "England","correct":true,"count":"7,747"
Answers: "India","correct":false,"count":"7,089"}]
Answers: "Tranquil","correct":false,"count":"1,162"
Answers: "Placid","correct":false,"count":"2,429"
Answers: "Serene","correct":true,"count":"5,718"}]
Answers: "Keanu Reeves","correct":false,"count":"1,692"
Answers: "Bill Murray","correct":false,"count":"1,936"
Answers: "Kevin Bacon","correct":true,"count":"2,471"}]
Answers: "Fondue","correct":false,"count":"3,480"
Answers: "Swiss cheese","correct":true,"count":"343,922"
Answers: "Lasagna","correct":false,"count":"2,243"}]
Answers: "Slide whistles","correct":false,"count":"3,832"
Answers: "Buying gifts","correct":false,"count":"1,229"
Answers: "Rhyming","correct":true,"count":"334,708"}]
Answers: "Angel","correct":true,"count":"160,706"
Answers: "Saint","correct":false,"count":"51,030"
Answers: "Imp","correct":false,"count":"116,435"}]
Answers: "General","correct":true,"count":"153,885"
Answers: "Major","correct":false,"count":"9,284"
Answers: "Lieutenant","correct":false,"count":"5,002"}]
Answers: "Animal panting","correct":false,"count":"42,238"
Answers: "Song","correct":false,"count":"56,675"
Answers: "Bright star","correct":true,"count":"53,003"}]
Answers: "Dirty Diana","correct":false,"count":"4,529"
Answers: "Billie Jean","correct":false,"count":"7,816"
Answers: "Thriller","correct":true,"count":"47,606"}]
Answers: "Raven","correct":true,"count":"5,880"
Answers: "Eagle","correct":false,"count":"28,383"
Answers: "Badger","correct":false,"count":"12,785"}]
Answers: "Spain","correct":false,"count":"5,242"
Answers: "Morocco","correct":false,"count":"1,773"
Answers: "England","correct":true,"count":"5,152"}]
Answers: "STEVE","correct":true,"count":"3,582"
Answers: "Tesla Ball","correct":false,"count":"1,399"
Answers: "Alger Hiss","correct":false,"count":"729"}]
Answers: "Brooklyn Nine-Nine","correct":true,"count":"2,730"
Answers: "Veep","correct":false,"count":"517"
Answers: "Insecure","correct":false,"count":"492"}]
Answers: "Calvin Coolidge","correct":false,"count":"168"
Answers: "Millard Fillmore","correct":true,"count":"746"
Answers: "Gerald Ford","correct":false,"count":"1,908"}]
Answers: "Leaves of Grass","correct":true,"count":"411"
Answers: "Lunch Poems","correct":false,"count":"246"
Answers: "The Waste Land","correct":false,"count":"137"}]
Answers: "Glove compartments","correct":false,"count":"5,957"
Answers: "Speedometers","correct":false,"count":"5,570"
Answers: "Tires","correct":true,"count":"532,303"}]
Answers: "Rewind","correct":false,"count":"38,437"
Answers: "Stop","correct":false,"count":"22,996"
Answers: "Pause","correct":true,"count":"461,728"}]
Answers: "Expanding","correct":true,"count":"397,611"
Answers: "Contracting","correct":false,"count":"45,918"
Answers: "Remaining totally still","correct":false,"count":"12,813"}]
Answers: "Rhode Island","correct":false,"count":"32,693"
Answers: "Coney Island","correct":false,"count":"52,361"
Answers: "Easter Island","correct":true,"count":"313,106"}]
Answers: "Andante","correct":false,"count":"72,314"
Answers: "Adagio","correct":false,"count":"45,675"
Answers: "Allegro","correct":true,"count":"199,447"}]
Answers: "Ratings above 10/10","correct":true,"count":"103,914"
Answers: "Ratings of only one dog","correct":false,"count":"36,642"
Answers: "Images with no text","correct":false,"count":"55,438"}]
Answers: "James Monroe","correct":false,"count":"14,585"
Answers: "James Madison","correct":true,"count":"51,216"
Answers: "John Quincy Adams","correct":false,"count":"43,621"}]
Answers: "Faithful","correct":true,"count":"44,047"
Answers: "Loving","correct":false,"count":"5,351"
Answers: "Energetic","correct":false,"count":"7,036"}]
Answers: "Get in a fight","correct":true,"count":"23,363"
Answers: "Break his stick","correct":false,"count":"7,975"
Answers: "Score an own goal","correct":false,"count":"13,080"}]
Answers: "Pig","correct":false,"count":"9,953"
Answers: "Cat","correct":false,"count":"2,505"
Answers: "Miniature horse","correct":true,"count":"13,394"}]
Answers: "Chef Boyardee","correct":true,"count":"6,858"
Answers: "Colonel Sanders","correct":false,"count":"3,258"
Answers: "Uncle Ben","correct":false,"count":"5,850"}]
Answers: "Pitbull","correct":true,"count":"1,665"
Answers: "Poodle","correct":false,"count":"3,018"
Answers: "Bulldog","correct":false,"count":"3,719"}]
Answers: "Yards","correct":true,"count":"154,440"
Answers: "Hectares","correct":false,"count":"545"
Answers: "Love","correct":false,"count":"236"}]
Answers: "Halfway point","correct":false,"count":"8,151"
Answers: "Trade deadline","correct":true,"count":"109,315"
Answers: "All-Star break","correct":false,"count":"29,252"}]
Answers: "Andre Iguodala","correct":false,"count":"14,812"
Answers: "Vince Carter","correct":false,"count":"19,678"
Answers: "Dwyane Wade","correct":true,"count":"73,756"}]
Answers: "Buffalo Bills","correct":false,"count":"50,459"
Answers: "Minnesota Vikings","correct":false,"count":"14,373"
Answers: "New England Patriots","correct":true,"count":"8,942"}]
Answers: "Park named for him","correct":false,"count":"687"
Answers: "Public school","correct":true,"count":"12,693"
Answers: "Restaurant","correct":false,"count":"792"}]
Answers: "Tiger Woods","correct":false,"count":"5,144"
Answers: "Jack Nicklaus","correct":false,"count":"2,022"
Answers: "Jordan Spieth","correct":true,"count":"5,282"}]
Answers: "Over the boundary","correct":false,"count":"1,983"
Answers: "Rolling to the boundary","correct":true,"count":"2,017"
Answers: "Hitting the wicket","correct":false,"count":"2,249"}]
Answers: "Warriors","correct":true,"count":"461"
Answers: "Bulls","correct":false,"count":"647"
Answers: "Lakers","correct":false,"count":"1,290"}]
Answers: "Skating","correct":false,"count":"166"
Answers: "Sailing","correct":true,"count":"251"
Answers: "Tennis","correct":false,"count":"243"}]
Answers: "Lisa Leslie","correct":false,"count":"33"
Answers: "Maya Moore","correct":true,"count":"194"
Answers: "Diana Taurasi","correct":false,"count":"61"}]
Answers: "Ken Griffey Jr.","correct":true,"count":"160"
Answers: "Cal Ripken Jr.","correct":false,"count":"24"
Answers: "Reggie Jackson","correct":false,"count":"22"}]
Answers: "Calvin Johnson","correct":false,"count":"72"
Answers: "Jerry Rice","correct":false,"count":"25"
Answers: "Antonio Brown","correct":true,"count":"68"}]
Answers: "Sugar","correct":true,"count":"325,820"
Answers: "Salt","correct":false,"count":"1,472"
Answers: "Baking soda","correct":false,"count":"816"}]
Answers: "Baskets","correct":false,"count":"3,101"
Answers: "Touchdowns","correct":true,"count":"316,545"
Answers: "Home runs","correct":false,"count":"2,903"}]
Answers: "Donkey","correct":false,"count":"25,974"
Answers: "Hedgehog","correct":false,"count":"3,592"
Answers: "Ape","correct":true,"count":"283,296"}]
Answers: "B","correct":false,"count":"10,675"
Answers: "G","correct":false,"count":"15,131"
Answers: "M","correct":true,"count":"255,455"}]
Answers: "Night of the Living Dead","correct":false,"count":"59,256"
Answers: "Day of the Dead","correct":false,"count":"58,754"
Answers: "Dawn of the Dead","correct":true,"count":"134,059"}]
Answers: "Less political","correct":false,"count":"35,511"
Answers: "Less profane","correct":true,"count":"45,177"
Answers: "Shorter","correct":false,"count":"57,309"}]
Answers: "Isaac Newton","correct":false,"count":"10,264"
Answers: "Benjamin Franklin","correct":true,"count":"10,717"
Answers: "Galileo Galilei","correct":false,"count":"31,727"}]
Answers: "All About Eve","correct":false,"count":"1,643"
Answers: "Return of the King","correct":true,"count":"3,404"
Answers: "Titanic","correct":false,"count":"9,247"}]
Answers: "The Jeffersons","correct":false,"count":"690"
Answers: "Chico and the Man","correct":true,"count":"2,848"
Answers: "Maude","correct":false,"count":"917"}]
Answers: "Garden snail","correct":false,"count":"738"
Answers: "Pollen wasp","correct":false,"count":"408"
Answers: "Praying mantis","correct":true,"count":"1,826"}]
Answers: "Philippines","correct":true,"count":"1,474"
Answers: "India","correct":false,"count":"159"
Answers: "Poland","correct":false,"count":"289"}]
Answers: "Toni Morrison","correct":false,"count":"226"
Answers: "John Steinbeck","correct":false,"count":"198"
Answers: "Robert Penn Warren","correct":true,"count":"1,078"}]
Answers: "Match point","correct":false,"count":"14,036"
Answers: "Point break","correct":false,"count":"37,547"
Answers: "En pointe","correct":true,"count":"431,486"}]
Answers: "Rosie","correct":true,"count":"400,171"
Answers: "Jodeci","correct":false,"count":"12,029"
Answers: "Romy","correct":false,"count":"16,232"}]
Answers: "Rattan","correct":true,"count":"310,875"
Answers: "Harmattan","correct":false,"count":"26,313"
Answers: "Kattan","correct":false,"count":"53,602"}]
Answers: "An apple","correct":false,"count":"100,760"
Answers: "Another arrow","correct":true,"count":"182,444"
Answers: "A moving target","correct":false,"count":"22,611"}]
Answers: "William Howard Taft","correct":false,"count":"95,647"
Answers: "Chester A. Arthur","correct":false,"count":"33,632"
Answers: "Martin van Buren","correct":true,"count":"51,755"}]
Answers: "Black suit","correct":false,"count":"4,026"
Answers: "Gray hoodie","correct":false,"count":"10,776"
Answers: "White T-shirt","correct":true,"count":"46,431"}]
Answers: "Jerusalem","correct":false,"count":"9,290"
Answers: "London","correct":false,"count":"3,871"
Answers: "Rome","correct":true,"count":"33,266"}]
Answers: "Fitbits","correct":true,"count":"10,381"
Answers: "Long-sleeved shirts","correct":false,"count":"10,230"
Answers: "Name tags","correct":false,"count":"12,252"}]
Answers: "Robocop","correct":false,"count":"1,216"
Answers: "Back to the Future","correct":false,"count":"10,625"
Answers: "Aliens","correct":true,"count":"1,242"}]
Answers: "Utah","correct":true,"count":"3,438"
Answers: "Georgia","correct":false,"count":"107"
Answers: "Illinois","correct":false,"count":"498"}]
Answers: "Tea bags","correct":true,"count":"2,268"
Answers: "Saltines","correct":false,"count":"433"
Answers: "Juice boxes","correct":false,"count":"690"}]
Answers: "Westworld","correct":true,"count":"1,613"
Answers: "Twin Peaks","correct":false,"count":"286"
Answers: "Battlestar Galactica","correct":false,"count":"401"}]
Answers: "Soap opera","correct":true,"count":"314,997"
Answers: "Shampoo symphony","correct":false,"count":"4,277"
Answers: "Toothpaste theatre","correct":false,"count":"2,316"}]
Answers: "Marathon","correct":true,"count":"283,444"
Answers: "5K","correct":false,"count":"15,330"
Answers: "10,000 meters","correct":false,"count":"11,128"}]
Answers: "Fish","correct":false,"count":"6,441"
Answers: "Reptiles","correct":false,"count":"28,384"
Answers: "Primates","correct":true,"count":"246,787"}]
Answers: "Jerk","correct":true,"count":"237,730"
Answers: "Loon","correct":false,"count":"4,820"
Answers: "Oaf","correct":false,"count":"3,801"}]
Answers: "Franklin Roosevelt","correct":false,"count":"33,569"
Answers: "Dwight Eisenhower","correct":false,"count":"41,909"
Answers: "John F. Kennedy","correct":true,"count":"156,053"}]
Answers: "Inverse prime","correct":false,"count":"86,455"
Answers: "Superprime","correct":false,"count":"53,140"
Answers: "Emirp","correct":true,"count":"18,521"}]
Answers: "Candy corn","correct":false,"count":"4,123"
Answers: "Duct tape","correct":false,"count":"6,152"
Answers: "Peeps","correct":true,"count":"18,526"}]
Answers: "Illinois","correct":true,"count":"17,654"
Answers: "California","correct":false,"count":"699"
Answers: "New York","correct":false,"count":"1,008"}]
Answers: "Battle of Manassas","correct":false,"count":"6,323"
Answers: "Battle of Elkhorn Tavern","correct":false,"count":"2,041"
Answers: "Battle of Sharpsburg","correct":true,"count":"9,087"}]
Answers: "Futurama","correct":false,"count":"1,641"
Answers: "King of the Hill","correct":false,"count":"2,850"
Answers: "Family Guy","correct":true,"count":"5,584"}]
Answers: "Things Fall Apart","correct":false,"count":"3,257"
Answers: "Out of Africa","correct":true,"count":"2,208"
Answers: "Death on the Nile","correct":false,"count":"544"}]
Answers: "Gutenberg Bible","correct":false,"count":"1,548"
Answers: "Columbus expedition","correct":true,"count":"815"
Answers: "Michelangelo’s David","correct":false,"count":"704"}]
Answers: "Shovel","correct":true,"count":"451,945"
Answers: "Rug shampooer","correct":false,"count":"1,204"
Answers: "Lathe","correct":false,"count":"1,223"}]
Answers: "Mongol","correct":true,"count":"416,063"
Answers: "Roman","correct":false,"count":"25,181"
Answers: "British","correct":false,"count":"5,405"}]
Answers: "Derbyshire","correct":true,"count":"232,787"
Answers: "Tartare","correct":false,"count":"38,933"
Answers: "Diane","correct":false,"count":"133,711"}]
Answers: "Martin Scorsese","correct":false,"count":"76,480"
Answers: "Brian De Palma","correct":false,"count":"8,633"
Answers: "Francis Ford Coppola","correct":true,"count":"156,618"}]
Answers: "Joyce","correct":false,"count":"26,047"
Answers: "Shakespeare","correct":true,"count":"86,880"
Answers: "Hemingway","correct":false,"count":"45,296"}]
Answers: "Almost island","correct":true,"count":"63,597"
Answers: "Escape attempt","correct":false,"count":"2,386"
Answers: "Flow outward","correct":false,"count":"26,100"}]
Answers: "Frank Sinatra","correct":false,"count":"10,504"
Answers: "Paul Simon","correct":false,"count":"14,624"
Answers: "Stevie Wonder","correct":true,"count":"38,602"}]
Answers: "DJ Jazzy Jeff","correct":false,"count":"4,566"
Answers: "Will Smith","correct":false,"count":"11,212"
Answers: "Alfonso Ribeiro","correct":true,"count":"24,854"}]
Answers: "Seychelles","correct":false,"count":"6,449"
Answers: "Comoros","correct":false,"count":"5,199"
Answers: "Mauritius","correct":true,"count":"15,100"}]
Answers: "Modified colors","correct":false,"count":"1,351"
Answers: "Height/length ratio","correct":false,"count":"7,227"
Answers: "Number of stars","correct":true,"count":"7,616"}]
Answers: "McCord’s box turtle","correct":false,"count":"775"
Answers: "Mourning gecko","correct":true,"count":"6,402"
Answers: "Malayan gharial","correct":false,"count":"1,936"}]
Answers: "Saturday Night Live","correct":false,"count":"1,441"
Answers: "Doctor Who","correct":false,"count":"4,528"
Answers: "Soul Train","correct":true,"count":"577"}]
Answers: "Running and Dunking","correct":false,"count":"2,838"
Answers: "Rinsing and Drying","correct":false,"count":"2,343"
Answers: "Research and Development","correct":true,"count":"319,629"}]
Answers: "Basketball helmet","correct":false,"count":"47,662"
Answers: "Football gown","correct":false,"count":"7,745"
Answers: "Hockey jersey","correct":true,"count":"252,381"}]
Answers: "Bones","correct":false,"count":"2,107"
Answers: "Ears","correct":false,"count":"1,101"
Answers: "Heart","correct":true,"count":"251,188"}]
Answers: "Liechtenstein","correct":true,"count":"110,743"
Answers: "Luxembourg","correct":false,"count":"117,035"
Answers: "San Marino","correct":false,"count":"16,196"}]
Answers: "Frankenstein","correct":true,"count":"65,779"
Answers: "Dracula","correct":false,"count":"22,325"
Answers: "Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde","correct":false,"count":"29,741"}]
Answers: "Raising the dead","correct":true,"count":"36,071"
Answers: "Eternal life","correct":false,"count":"21,527"
Answers: "Infinite power","correct":false,"count":"10,441"}]
Answers: "Zero-sum","correct":true,"count":"23,974"
Answers: "Reciprocal","correct":false,"count":"6,545"
Answers: "Reflective outcome","correct":false,"count":"8,179"}]
Answers: "Dig Dug","correct":true,"count":"12,267"
Answers: "Double Dragon","correct":false,"count":"5,805"
Answers: "Dragon’s Lair","correct":false,"count":"7,260"}]
Answers: "Production budget","correct":false,"count":"3,901"
Answers: "Address on Broadway","correct":false,"count":"5,494"
Answers: "Seating capacity","correct":true,"count":"5,410"}]
Answers: "Enthalpy","correct":false,"count":"1,054"
Answers: "Entropy","correct":false,"count":"737"
Answers: "Enthracy","correct":true,"count":"4,930"}]
Answers: "John Wilkes Booth","correct":true,"count":"1,637"
Answers: "F. Scott Fitzgerald","correct":false,"count":"2,111"
Answers: "Al Capone","correct":false,"count":"1,405"}]
Answers: "Roald Dahl","correct":false,"count":"824"
Answers: "Maurice Sendak","correct":false,"count":"511"
Answers: "JRR Tolkien","correct":true,"count":"972"}]
Answers: "Sock-hop","correct":false,"count":"3,662"
Answers: "Screw-top","correct":true,"count":"406,060"
Answers: "Flip-flop","correct":false,"count":"11,148"}]
Answers: "Show business","correct":true,"count":"390,490"
Answers: "Retail","correct":false,"count":"6,781"
Answers: "Local politics","correct":false,"count":"4,975"}]
Answers: "Tote","correct":false,"count":"22,419"
Answers: "Satchel","correct":false,"count":"32,554"
Answers: "Clutch","correct":true,"count":"330,544"}]
Answers: "Sulu","correct":false,"count":"45,956"
Answers: "Kudzu","correct":true,"count":"235,105"
Answers: "Muumuu","correct":false,"count":"38,701"}]
Answers: "USA","correct":false,"count":"92,225"
Answers: "Russia","correct":true,"count":"81,888"
Answers: "Tanzania","correct":false,"count":"55,319"}]
Answers: "An eye for an eye","correct":false,"count":"80,715"
Answers: "Love is blind","correct":false,"count":"6,914"
Answers: "Eat, drink, and be merry","correct":true,"count":"6,135"}]
Answers: "KISS","correct":false,"count":"6,138"
Answers: "U2","correct":false,"count":"4,394"
Answers: "Queen","correct":true,"count":"6,053"}]
Answers: "Beverly Cleary","correct":true,"count":"3,358"
Answers: "Laura Ingalls Wilder","correct":false,"count":"956"
Answers: "Judy Blume","correct":false,"count":"2,280"}]
Answers: "USA","correct":false,"count":"333"
Answers: "France","correct":false,"count":"1,529"
Answers: "Japan","correct":true,"count":"1,674"}]
Answers: "Grover Cleveland","correct":false,"count":"978"
Answers: "John Adams","correct":true,"count":"467"
Answers: "James Madison","correct":false,"count":"304"}]
Answers: "Idaho","correct":false,"count":"92"
Answers: "Wisconsin","correct":true,"count":"360"
Answers: "New York","correct":false,"count":"118"}]
Answers: "Current American flag","correct":false,"count":"65"
Answers: "Computer modem","correct":true,"count":"116"
Answers: "Five-digit ZIP codes","correct":false,"count":"177"}]
Answers: "Decoy","correct":true,"count":"134,513"
Answers: "Dunk","correct":false,"count":"5,167"
Answers: "Double decker","correct":false,"count":"12,576"}]
Answers: "Rory McIlroy","correct":false,"count":"17,512"
Answers: "Phil Mickelson","correct":true,"count":"95,233"
Answers: "Jordan Spieth","correct":false,"count":"19,536"}]
Answers: "Brian Urlacher","correct":false,"count":"4,981"
Answers: "Terrell Owens","correct":true,"count":"80,051"
Answers: "Ray Lewis","correct":false,"count":"10,121"}]
Answers: "Bucks","correct":false,"count":"11,152"
Answers: "Lakers","correct":false,"count":"6,743"
Answers: "Spurs","correct":true,"count":"62,251"}]
Answers: "Stole from teammates","correct":false,"count":"9,567"
Answers: "Repeatedly overslept","correct":false,"count":"15,207"
Answers: "Threw his glove","correct":true,"count":"35,650"}]
Answers: "Chargers","correct":true,"count":"22,981"
Answers: "Jaguars","correct":false,"count":"5,312"
Answers: "Packers","correct":false,"count":"9,469"}]
Answers: "Arizona","correct":true,"count":"14,182"
Answers: "Texas","correct":false,"count":"4,298"
Answers: "California","correct":false,"count":"5,483"}]
Answers: "Bobsled","correct":false,"count":"4,152"
Answers: "Slalom","correct":false,"count":"3,793"
Answers: "Figure skating","correct":true,"count":"7,602"}]
Answers: "Dwight Clark","correct":true,"count":"7,312"
Answers: "Jerry Rice","correct":false,"count":"916"
Answers: "John Taylor","correct":false,"count":"655"}]
Answers: "Willie Mays","correct":false,"count":"1,669"
Answers: "Alex Rodriguez","correct":false,"count":"615"
Answers: "Barry Bonds","correct":true,"count":"5,200"}]
Answers: "Patrick Roy","correct":false,"count":"1,881"
Answers: "Dominik Hasek","correct":true,"count":"3,105"
Answers: "Lindy Ruff","correct":false,"count":"593"}]
Answers: "Muggsy Bogues","correct":false,"count":"697"
Answers: "Earl Boykins","correct":false,"count":"537"
Answers: "Spud Webb","correct":true,"count":"3,188"}]
Answers: "Old Faithful","correct":true,"count":"540,945"
Answers: "Old Money Charlie","correct":false,"count":"7,468"
Answers: "Old So-and-So","correct":false,"count":"3,452"}]
Answers: "Arches","correct":true,"count":"441,422"
Answers: "Bunions","correct":false,"count":"53,849"
Answers: "Toe Rings","correct":false,"count":"32,162"}]
Answers: "Camouflage","correct":false,"count":"43,810"
Answers: "Tents","correct":false,"count":"89,709"
Answers: "Coolers","correct":true,"count":"300,184"}]
Answers: "Highest point in US","correct":false,"count":"41,120"
Answers: "Lowest point in US","correct":false,"count":"28,757"
Answers: "Both of them","correct":true,"count":"236,193"}]
Answers: "Crater Lake","correct":false,"count":"8,985"
Answers: "Channel Islands","correct":false,"count":"7,642"
Answers: "Everglades","correct":true,"count":"227,572"}]
Answers: "Great Smoky Mountains","correct":true,"count":"37,789"
Answers: "Yellowstone","correct":false,"count":"70,151"
Answers: "Grand Canyon","correct":false,"count":"119,947"}]
Answers: "Blue","correct":true,"count":"24,130"
Answers: "Yellow","correct":false,"count":"24,455"
Answers: "Red","correct":false,"count":"12,677"}]
Answers: "Lava","correct":true,"count":"12,738"
Answers: "Diamonds","correct":false,"count":"6,935"
Answers: "Rainbow","correct":false,"count":"9,734"}]
Answers: "Yellowstone","correct":true,"count":"11,617"
Answers: "Denali","correct":false,"count":"1,674"
Answers: "Joshua Tree","correct":false,"count":"1,253"}]
Answers: "Fjord","correct":true,"count":"5,242"
Answers: "Isthmus","correct":false,"count":"2,955"
Answers: "Dale","correct":false,"count":"3,720"}]
Answers: "American Samoa","correct":true,"count":"3,243"
Answers: "Guam","correct":false,"count":"1,057"
Answers: "Puerto Rico","correct":false,"count":"1,559"}]
Answers: "Hawaii","correct":false,"count":"1,561"
Answers: "Texas","correct":false,"count":"480"
Answers: "Colorado","correct":true,"count":"1,479"}]
Answers: "Smoke monster","correct":false,"count":"4,907"
Answers: "An Olsen twin","correct":false,"count":"2,582"
Answers: "Fire","correct":true,"count":"697,011"}]
Answers: "Jimmy F. Kimmel","correct":false,"count":"1,150"
Answers: "Johnny F. Knoxville","correct":false,"count":"1,351"
Answers: "John F. Kennedy","correct":true,"count":"689,868"}]
Answers: "Kimchi","correct":false,"count":"8,567"
Answers: "Sauerkraut","correct":false,"count":"12,834"
Answers: "Pickle","correct":true,"count":"663,383"}]
Answers: "Uno","correct":true,"count":"634,841"
Answers: "The Game of Life","correct":false,"count":"14,814"
Answers: "Go Fish","correct":false,"count":"9,643"}]
Answers: "Science","correct":false,"count":"36,350"
Answers: "Glass","correct":true,"count":"207,026"
Answers: "Life","correct":false,"count":"373,125"}]
Answers: "Raccoon","correct":false,"count":"80,299"
Answers: "Porcupine","correct":true,"count":"62,493"
Answers: "Hedgehog","correct":false,"count":"119,487"}]
Answers: "Melbourne, Australia","correct":true,"count":"48,413"
Answers: "Tokyo, Japan","correct":false,"count":"22,759"
Answers: "Jakarta, Indonesia","correct":false,"count":"17,101"}]
Answers: "Swim in a pool","correct":false,"count":"8,600"
Answers: "Operate a gas stove","correct":false,"count":"28,506"
Answers: "Watch live television","correct":true,"count":"16,080"}]
Answers: "Mystery Men","correct":false,"count":"3,977"
Answers: "Clueless","correct":true,"count":"9,808"
Answers: "Can't Hardly Wait","correct":false,"count":"5,832"}]
Answers: "Catholic sister","correct":true,"count":"917"
Answers: "Accountant","correct":false,"count":"1,968"
Answers: "Taxi driver","correct":false,"count":"4,350"}]
Answers: "Banjo","correct":false,"count":"257"
Answers: "Mandolin","correct":true,"count":"1,709"
Answers: "Viola","correct":false,"count":"192"}]
Answers: "Nile","correct":false,"count":"161"
Answers: "Yangtze","correct":false,"count":"985"
Answers: "Amazon","correct":true,"count":"563"}]
Answers: "Ricky Martin","correct":false,"count":"129"
Answers: "Bono","correct":false,"count":"93"
Answers: "Paul Simon","correct":true,"count":"381"}]
Answers: "Rocky Road ice cream","correct":false,"count":"161"
Answers: "Red velvet cake","correct":false,"count":"53"
Answers: "Root beer float","correct":true,"count":"180"}]
Answers: "Maybe","correct":true,"count":"344,899"
Answers: "HQtie","correct":false,"count":"2,782"
Answers: "Ishmael","correct":false,"count":"5,570"}]
Answers: "Beauty","correct":false,"count":"2,877"
Answers: "Velocity","correct":true,"count":"334,853"
Answers: "Transparency","correct":false,"count":"3,508"}]
Answers: "Bear wrestling","correct":true,"count":"270,254"
Answers: "Ostrich farming","correct":false,"count":"17,588"
Answers: "Falconry","correct":false,"count":"34,393"}]
Answers: "Vermont","correct":true,"count":"118,084"
Answers: "New Jersey","correct":false,"count":"90,485"
Answers: "New Hampshire","correct":false,"count":"60,520"}]
Answers: "England","correct":true,"count":"78,429"
Answers: "India","correct":false,"count":"22,096"
Answers: "USA","correct":false,"count":"25,143"}]
Answers: "Gerald Ford","correct":false,"count":"14,757"
Answers: "Bill Clinton","correct":false,"count":"8,965"
Answers: "Jimmy Carter","correct":true,"count":"56,705"}]
Answers: "NFL","correct":true,"count":"40,933"
Answers: "MLB","correct":false,"count":"11,344"
Answers: "NHL","correct":false,"count":"5,446"}]
Answers: "Plantains","correct":false,"count":"12,245"
Answers: "Rice","correct":false,"count":"5,476"
Answers: "Sugar cane","correct":true,"count":"24,618"}]
Answers: "Flying a plane","correct":true,"count":"6,815"
Answers: "Political bribery","correct":false,"count":"13,988"
Answers: "Business accounting","correct":false,"count":"5,574"}]
Answers: "California","correct":false,"count":"955"
Answers: "Michigan","correct":true,"count":"4,112"
Answers: "Minnesota","correct":false,"count":"4,378"}]
Answers: "The same","correct":true,"count":"2,798"
Answers: "Shorter","correct":false,"count":"774"
Answers: "Longer","correct":false,"count":"1,166"}]
Answers: "Europe / Asia","correct":false,"count":"1,668"
Answers: "Asia / Australia","correct":false,"count":"693"
Answers: "Australia / Europe","correct":true,"count":"523"}]
Answers: "Cujo","correct":false,"count":"2,782"
Answers: "Sumo","correct":true,"count":"516,648"
Answers: "Mojo","correct":false,"count":"2,676"}]
Answers: "As if!","correct":true,"count":"465,801"
Answers: "Heeeeere’s Johnny!","correct":false,"count":"32,866"
Answers: "This is Sparta!","correct":false,"count":"7,581"}]
Answers: "Tomato","correct":false,"count":"44,668"
Answers: "Basil","correct":false,"count":"26,865"
Answers: "Pears","correct":true,"count":"388,125"}]
Answers: "Triangle","correct":false,"count":"21,706"
Answers: "Quadrilateral","correct":true,"count":"339,011"
Answers: "Pentagon","correct":false,"count":"27,463"}]
Answers: "Attorney general","correct":true,"count":"313,834"
Answers: "Postmaster general","correct":false,"count":"14,458"
Answers: "Surgeon general","correct":false,"count":"10,801"}]
Answers: "Billions","correct":true,"count":"133,469"
Answers: "Ballers","correct":false,"count":"123,822"
Answers: "Succession","correct":false,"count":"53,715"}]
Answers: "Siri","correct":false,"count":"15,820"
Answers: "iPhone battery life","correct":false,"count":"81,348"
Answers: "Apple Maps","correct":true,"count":"47,447"}]
Answers: "Croatia","correct":false,"count":"15,705"
Answers: "Bulgaria","correct":false,"count":"21,721"
Answers: "Slovakia","correct":true,"count":"18,862"}]
Answers: "Arbor Day","correct":true,"count":"15,994"
Answers: "Labor Day","correct":false,"count":"3,072"
Answers: "Groundhog Day","correct":false,"count":"4,189"}]
Answers: "Fever","correct":true,"count":"11,610"
Answers: "Cryin’","correct":false,"count":"2,363"
Answers: "Amazing","correct":false,"count":"2,775"}]
Answers: "Julius Caesar","correct":false,"count":"1,981"
Answers: "Cicero","correct":true,"count":"8,832"
Answers: "Nero","correct":false,"count":"1,738"}]
Answers: "Wimbledon","correct":true,"count":"2,463"
Answers: "London Marathon","correct":false,"count":"3,066"
Answers: "Tour de France","correct":false,"count":"4,150"}]
Answers: "Unread emails","correct":false,"count":"1,216"
Answers: "Summery hats","correct":false,"count":"1,272"
Answers: "Legs","correct":true,"count":"268,743"}]
Answers: "Stand-up comics","correct":false,"count":"7,054"
Answers: "Comic sans","correct":true,"count":"242,898"
Answers: "Newspaper comics","correct":false,"count":"14,028"}]
Answers: "Locomotive","correct":true,"count":"216,357"
Answers: "Caboose","correct":false,"count":"22,431"
Answers: "Bar car","correct":false,"count":"2,171"}]
Answers: "Jaws","correct":false,"count":"99,984"
Answers: "Poltergeist","correct":false,"count":"50,514"
Answers: "Raiders of the Lost Ark","correct":true,"count":"63,170"}]
Answers: "Bees","correct":true,"count":"40,933"
Answers: "Albatrosses","correct":false,"count":"6,883"
Answers: "Ticks","correct":false,"count":"24,635"}]
Answers: "Venus","correct":true,"count":"14,401"
Answers: "Earth","correct":false,"count":"609"
Answers: "Mercury","correct":false,"count":"27,867"}]
Answers: "House of Cards","correct":false,"count":"8,960"
Answers: "House of Lies","correct":false,"count":"3,077"
Answers: "House of Payne","correct":true,"count":"4,664"}]
Answers: "Radish","correct":false,"count":"2,790"
Answers: "Broccoli","correct":false,"count":"1,067"
Answers: "Potato","correct":true,"count":"1,986"}]
Answers: "Coal Miner’s Daughter","correct":false,"count":"592"
Answers: "This Kiss","correct":false,"count":"357"
Answers: "9 to 5","correct":true,"count":"1,503"}]
Answers: "Laos","correct":false,"count":"235"
Answers: "Bhutan","correct":true,"count":"708"
Answers: "Mongolia","correct":false,"count":"680"}]
Answers: "Charlie the Tuna","correct":false,"count":"77"
Answers: "Tony the Tiger","correct":true,"count":"298"
Answers: "Cap’n Crunch","correct":false,"count":"46"}]
Answers: "Apple","correct":true,"count":"488,147"
Answers: "Blockbuster","correct":false,"count":"5,477"
Answers: "Nobody Beats the Wiz","correct":false,"count":"875"}]
Answers: "Cat","correct":false,"count":"46,400"
Answers: "Horse","correct":true,"count":"429,637"
Answers: "Komodo dragon","correct":false,"count":"7,503"}]
Answers: "Plants","correct":true,"count":"419,467"
Answers: "Robots","correct":false,"count":"6,389"
Answers: "Boats","correct":false,"count":"2,768"}]
Answers: "Kansas City","correct":false,"count":"132,892"
Answers: "Oklahoma City","correct":true,"count":"222,737"
Answers: "New York City","correct":false,"count":"53,324"}]
Answers: "Aviation","correct":false,"count":"41,533"
Answers: "Pharmaceutical","correct":false,"count":"20,647"
Answers: "Automobile","correct":true,"count":"168,437"}]
Answers: "Chicago","correct":false,"count":"18,901"
Answers: "San Antonio","correct":false,"count":"35,516"
Answers: "Detroit","correct":true,"count":"116,592"}]
Answers: "Marie Curie","correct":false,"count":"32,693"
Answers: "Joan of Arc","correct":false,"count":"49,141"
Answers: "Edith Piaf","correct":true,"count":"35,390"}]
Answers: "TS Eliot","correct":false,"count":"7,028"
Answers: "Edgar Allan Poe","correct":false,"count":"10,808"
Answers: "Mark Twain","correct":true,"count":"25,773"}]
Answers: "Christopolis","correct":true,"count":"8,700"
Answers: "Eden","correct":false,"count":"5,076"
Answers: "New Bethlehem","correct":false,"count":"14,250"}]
Answers: "Benedict Cumberbatch","correct":false,"count":"2,795"
Answers: "Chevy Chase","correct":true,"count":"5,873"
Answers: "Kit Harington","correct":false,"count":"2,850"}]
Answers: "Chambray","correct":false,"count":"2,958"
Answers: "Taffeta","correct":true,"count":"1,685"
Answers: "Muslin","correct":false,"count":"1,848"}]
Answers: "Tumblr","correct":false,"count":"905"
Answers: "Twitter","correct":true,"count":"1,259"
Answers: "Yahoo","correct":false,"count":"387"}]
Answers: "Tofurkey","correct":false,"count":"2,471"
Answers: "Turducken","correct":false,"count":"2,820"
Answers: "Turkey","correct":true,"count":"145,059"}]
Answers: "Woods","correct":true,"count":"103,073"
Answers: "Irons","correct":false,"count":"33,824"
Answers: "Wedges","correct":false,"count":"6,758"}]
Answers: "Swear word","correct":false,"count":"11,204"
Answers: "Brand name","correct":false,"count":"27,590"
Answers: "Player’s name","correct":true,"count":"55,631"}]
Answers: "CFL","correct":true,"count":"43,927"
Answers: "NBA","correct":false,"count":"5,312"
Answers: "MLS","correct":false,"count":"7,101"}]
Answers: "First","correct":false,"count":"13,433"
Answers: "Second","correct":true,"count":"17,672"
Answers: "Third","correct":false,"count":"11,827"}]
Answers: "Michael Jordan","correct":false,"count":"3,029"
Answers: "Kareem Abdul-Jabbar","correct":false,"count":"4,368"
Answers: "Kobe Bryant","correct":true,"count":"12,621"}]
Answers: "Nolan Arenado","correct":false,"count":"4,128"
Answers: "Mike Trout","correct":false,"count":"4,427"
Answers: "Paul Goldschmidt","correct":true,"count":"4,018"}]
Answers: "Clemson","correct":true,"count":"2,228"
Answers: "Ohio State","correct":false,"count":"2,091"
Answers: "Georgia","correct":false,"count":"1,028"}]
Answers: "Bears","correct":true,"count":"1,133"
Answers: "Giants","correct":false,"count":"367"
Answers: "Packers","correct":false,"count":"1,010"}]
Answers: "Norris","correct":false,"count":"206"
Answers: "Smith","correct":true,"count":"738"
Answers: "Adams","correct":false,"count":"380"}]
Answers: "Detroit","correct":true,"count":"162"
Answers: "Philadelphia","correct":false,"count":"172"
Answers: "Chicago","correct":false,"count":"479"}]
Answers: "Jim Edmonds","correct":false,"count":"30"
Answers: "Scott Rolen","correct":false,"count":"39"
Answers: "Edgar Renteria","correct":true,"count":"182"}]
Answers: "Curtis Jackson","correct":false,"count":"8,805"
Answers: "Andrew Jackson","correct":true,"count":"291,302"
Answers: "Janet Jackson","correct":false,"count":"8,354"}]
Answers: "Hot","correct":true,"count":"279,646"
Answers: "Breezy","correct":false,"count":"2,016"
Answers: "Cold","correct":false,"count":"6,705"}]
Answers: "Pies","correct":false,"count":"21,292"
Answers: "Boxers","correct":true,"count":"246,096"
Answers: "Cousins","correct":false,"count":"6,854"}]
Answers: "Park Place","correct":true,"count":"224,271"
Answers: "Pennsylvania Railroad","correct":false,"count":"14,014"
Answers: "Water Works","correct":false,"count":"6,381"}]
Answers: "Potomac","correct":false,"count":"121,704"
Answers: "Connecticut","correct":true,"count":"89,141"
Answers: "Miami","correct":false,"count":"11,216"}]
Answers: "Sign of the Times","correct":false,"count":"24,950"
Answers: "Shape of You","correct":false,"count":"25,650"
Answers: "Stay with Me","correct":true,"count":"44,139"}]
Answers: "Rainbow Dash","correct":false,"count":"4,697"
Answers: "Pinkie Pie","correct":false,"count":"21,438"
Answers: "Sparkle Star","correct":true,"count":"21,242"}]
Answers: "Mad Max","correct":false,"count":"9,805"
Answers: "Lisbeth Salander","correct":false,"count":"2,273"
Answers: "Jack Ryan","correct":true,"count":"11,255"}]
Answers: "Circumflex","correct":false,"count":"2,000"
Answers: "Macron","correct":false,"count":"3,898"
Answers: "Tittle","correct":true,"count":"7,473"}]
Answers: "Aqualung","correct":false,"count":"1,932"
Answers: "Sgt. Pepper’s","correct":true,"count":"4,594"
Answers: "Goats Head Soup","correct":false,"count":"1,581"}]
Answers: "Elect a woman governor","correct":true,"count":"2,533"
Answers: "Ban plastic bags","correct":false,"count":"898"
Answers: "Require license plates","correct":false,"count":"1,530"}]
Answers: "In Cold Blood","correct":false,"count":"1,380"
Answers: "Atlas Shrugged","correct":true,"count":"827"
Answers: "Lolita","correct":false,"count":"724"}]
Answers: "Tree","correct":true,"count":"437,519"
Answers: "Apple Store","correct":false,"count":"3,264"
Answers: "Fiona","correct":false,"count":"960"}]
Answers: "Luigi","correct":true,"count":"430,134"
Answers: "Lara Croft","correct":false,"count":"2,354"
Answers: "Commander Shepard","correct":false,"count":"1,592"}]
Answers: "Australia","correct":true,"count":"341,219"
Answers: "Austria","correct":false,"count":"60,810"
Answers: "Algeria","correct":false,"count":"21,591"}]
Answers: "Graffanino","correct":false,"count":"63,218"
Answers: "Piazza","correct":false,"count":"60,422"
Answers: "Fugazi","correct":true,"count":"214,710"}]
Answers: "Copper","correct":false,"count":"21,711"
Answers: "Mercury","correct":false,"count":"30,614"
Answers: "Potassium","correct":true,"count":"165,334"}]
Answers: "Michael Strahan","correct":false,"count":"89,569"
Answers: "Robin Roberts","correct":true,"count":"60,278"
Answers: "Chris Cuomo","correct":false,"count":"17,516"}]
Answers: "Denmark","correct":true,"count":"47,240"
Answers: "Russia","correct":false,"count":"16,174"
Answers: "Ireland","correct":false,"count":"4,446"}]
Answers: "The Ridiculous Six","correct":false,"count":"18,451"
Answers: "Bucky Larson","correct":false,"count":"12,014"
Answers: "Jack and Jill","correct":true,"count":"17,637"}]
Answers: "Charles Dickens","correct":false,"count":"3,950"
Answers: "Alexander Pushkin","correct":false,"count":"5,131"
Answers: "Voltaire","correct":true,"count":"13,816"}]
Answers: "Charlie Chaplin","correct":false,"count":"7,114"
Answers: "Gary Cooper","correct":true,"count":"4,475"
Answers: "Humphrey Bogart","correct":false,"count":"3,362"}]
Answers: "Submarine","correct":false,"count":"974"
Answers: "Swiss Army knife","correct":true,"count":"2,529"
Answers: "Wristwatch","correct":false,"count":"2,725"}]
Answers: "Patriot Games","correct":false,"count":"837"
Answers: "Gone With the Wind","correct":true,"count":"1,263"
Answers: "Silence of the Lambs","correct":false,"count":"915"}]
Answers: "Tweeting","correct":false,"count":"2,103"
Answers: "Angry","correct":true,"count":"316,520"
Answers: "Fluffy","correct":false,"count":"1,815"}]
Answers: "Bargain","correct":false,"count":"56,560"
Answers: "Bowl","correct":false,"count":"39,017"
Answers: "Bus","correct":true,"count":"210,149"}]
Answers: "Uvula","correct":false,"count":"7,264"
Answers: "Achilles tendon","correct":true,"count":"196,903"
Answers: "Pancreas","correct":false,"count":"7,523"}]
Answers: "Brazil","correct":false,"count":"8,431"
Answers: "China","correct":true,"count":"175,889"
Answers: "USA","correct":false,"count":"12,101"}]
Answers: "J-Law","correct":true,"count":"104,479"
Answers: "Millennial","correct":false,"count":"15,092"
Answers: "Actress","correct":false,"count":"54,320"}]
Answers: "Brackish water","correct":false,"count":"3,903"
Answers: "Salt water","correct":true,"count":"82,676"
Answers: "Fresh water","correct":false,"count":"22,721"}]
Answers: "Garlic","correct":true,"count":"74,487"
Answers: "Cocoa","correct":false,"count":"7,019"
Answers: "Turkey","correct":false,"count":"1,855"}]
Answers: "Nebraska","correct":false,"count":"16,575"
Answers: "Ohio","correct":true,"count":"37,696"
Answers: "Missouri","correct":false,"count":"19,652"}]
Answers: "Dublin Bay prawn","correct":true,"count":"11,630"
Answers: "Mudpuppy","correct":false,"count":"23,108"
Answers: "Jimmy","correct":false,"count":"7,008"}]
Answers: "Message in a Bottle","correct":true,"count":"5,483"
Answers: "Band on the Run","correct":false,"count":"4,862"
Answers: "Ace of Spades","correct":false,"count":"5,101"}]
Answers: "Sydney Opera House","correct":true,"count":"4,604"
Answers: "Big Ben","correct":false,"count":"1,294"
Answers: "Tokyo Skytree","correct":false,"count":"820"}]
Answers: "Height","correct":false,"count":"1,726"
Answers: "Beard","correct":true,"count":"2,078"
Answers: "Eyes","correct":false,"count":"968"}]
Answers: "The Boo-Hoovre","correct":false,"count":"2,963"
Answers: "The Hors D’oeuvre","correct":false,"count":"13,539"
Answers: "The Louvre","correct":true,"count":"449,866"}]
Answers: "Trees","correct":true,"count":"436,250"
Answers: "Grandpas","correct":false,"count":"4,960"
Answers: "Monster trucks","correct":false,"count":"3,970"}]
Answers: "Street art","correct":true,"count":"362,623"
Answers: "Photography","correct":false,"count":"33,645"
Answers: "Renaissance paintings","correct":false,"count":"36,740"}]
Answers: "American Gothic","correct":false,"count":"39,033"
Answers: "The Scream","correct":true,"count":"310,495"
Answers: "Nighthawks","correct":false,"count":"15,401"}]
Answers: "The Royal Tenenbaums","correct":false,"count":"118,036"
Answers: "The Shining","correct":true,"count":"90,876"
Answers: "The Big Lebowski","correct":false,"count":"100,284"}]
Answers: "Sitting and staring","correct":true,"count":"71,119"
Answers: "Thousands of selfies","correct":false,"count":"19,806"
Answers: "Massive video projection","correct":false,"count":"16,652"}]
Answers: "Guernica","correct":true,"count":"13,480"
Answers: "The Kiss","correct":false,"count":"15,850"
Answers: "The Starry Night","correct":false,"count":"45,102"}]
Answers: "Winslow Homer","correct":false,"count":"8,111"
Answers: "Vincent van Gogh","correct":false,"count":"4,804"
Answers: "JMW Turner","correct":true,"count":"8,311"}]
Answers: "Michael Jackson’s chimp","correct":true,"count":"4,667"
Answers: "Marilyn Monroe’s dress","correct":false,"count":"2,694"
Answers: "Andy Warhol’s wig","correct":false,"count":"2,006"}]
Answers: "The Frida on the left","correct":false,"count":"656"
Answers: "The Frida on the right","correct":false,"count":"1,424"
Answers: "Neither","correct":true,"count":"3,128"}]
Answers: "Abstract impressionism","correct":false,"count":"1,028"
Answers: "Suprematism","correct":true,"count":"1,111"
Answers: "Cubism","correct":false,"count":"1,229"}]
Answers: "David","correct":true,"count":"752"
Answers: "The Thinker","correct":false,"count":"485"
Answers: "Venus de Milo","correct":false,"count":"202"}]
Answers: "Officer","correct":true,"count":"304,107"
Answers: "Oldboy","correct":false,"count":"1,554"
Answers: "Octomom","correct":false,"count":"1,368"}]
Answers: "Eyes","correct":true,"count":"288,398"
Answers: "Ears","correct":false,"count":"5,947"
Answers: "Nose","correct":false,"count":"7,098"}]
Answers: "Brig","correct":false,"count":"4,369"
Answers: "Brine","correct":true,"count":"264,644"
Answers: "Brill","correct":false,"count":"17,030"}]
Answers: "San Antonio Spurs","correct":false,"count":"56,007"
Answers: "New York Yankees","correct":false,"count":"32,794"
Answers: "Green Bay Packers","correct":true,"count":"173,635"}]
Answers: "UPN","correct":true,"count":"111,221"
Answers: "Spike TV","correct":false,"count":"42,697"
Answers: "NBC","correct":false,"count":"25,011"}]
Answers: "Uma Thurman","correct":false,"count":"33,852"
Answers: "Christoph Waltz","correct":true,"count":"57,474"
Answers: "Samuel L. Jackson","correct":false,"count":"24,205"}]
Answers: "Network Tracking","correct":false,"count":"25,847"
Answers: "Node Threshold","correct":false,"count":"11,615"
Answers: "New Technology","correct":true,"count":"25,294"}]
Answers: "Bulgaria","correct":false,"count":"9,133"
Answers: "Turkey","correct":true,"count":"16,729"
Answers: "Greece","correct":false,"count":"4,494"}]
Answers: "TV Guide","correct":false,"count":"2,658"
Answers: "New Yorker","correct":true,"count":"12,723"
Answers: "National Geographic","correct":false,"count":"2,848"}]
Answers: "Pineapple","correct":true,"count":"4,412"
Answers: "Mushroom","correct":false,"count":"5,117"
Answers: "Potato","correct":false,"count":"4,068"}]
Answers: "Desert Bus","correct":true,"count":"3,994"
Answers: "Walking Simulator","correct":false,"count":"1,428"
Answers: "Real-Time Trucker","correct":false,"count":"1,494"}]
Answers: "Dog","correct":false,"count":"2,930"
Answers: "Tortoise","correct":true,"count":"633"
Answers: "Monkey","correct":false,"count":"852"}]
Answers: "Sharp tongue","correct":false,"count":"7,103"
Answers: "Clammy hand","correct":false,"count":"2,786"
Answers: "Cold shoulder","correct":true,"count":"409,370"}]
Answers: "Key racks","correct":false,"count":"4,768"
Answers: "Tea tax","correct":true,"count":"391,623"
Answers: "Beeswax","correct":false,"count":"8,522"}]
Answers: "Sunflower","correct":false,"count":"47,670"
Answers: "Sesame","correct":true,"count":"276,291"
Answers: "Poppy","correct":false,"count":"61,159"}]
Answers: "Khaki","correct":true,"count":"234,616"
Answers: "Pantaloons","correct":false,"count":"26,082"
Answers: "Epaulet","correct":false,"count":"19,476"}]
Answers: "Triangle","correct":true,"count":"134,088"
Answers: "Kazoo","correct":false,"count":"74,483"
Answers: "Bongos","correct":false,"count":"23,929"}]
Answers: "The Wild Bunch","correct":false,"count":"34,384"
Answers: "Unforgiven","correct":false,"count":"59,259"
Answers: "A Fistful of Dollars","correct":true,"count":"47,205"}]
Answers: "The Scholar","correct":false,"count":"25,394"
Answers: "Wheel of Fortune","correct":true,"count":"17,688"
Answers: "The Sea","correct":false,"count":"11,944"}]
Answers: "Usher","correct":false,"count":"8,301"
Answers: "Kanye West","correct":true,"count":"5,219"
Answers: "Childish Gambino","correct":false,"count":"8,284"}]
Answers: "Bats","correct":true,"count":"5,138"
Answers: "Marsupials","correct":false,"count":"1,514"
Answers: "Shrews","correct":false,"count":"854"}]
Answers: "Addend","correct":false,"count":"3,261"
Answers: "Augend","correct":true,"count":"1,232"
Answers: "Minuend","correct":false,"count":"792"}]
Answers: "Manganese","correct":true,"count":"1,312"
Answers: "Magnesium","correct":false,"count":"350"
Answers: "Meitnerium","correct":false,"count":"261"}]
Answers: "Philadelphia","correct":false,"count":"206"
Answers: "Something Wild","correct":false,"count":"252"
Answers: "Married to the Mob","correct":true,"count":"870"}]
Answers: "Wild card","correct":true,"count":"139,661"
Answers: "Rash guard","correct":false,"count":"1,448"
Answers: "Mild chard","correct":false,"count":"726"}]
Answers: "Yokozuna","correct":false,"count":"323"
Answers: "Bill Buckner","correct":false,"count":"571"
Answers: "Michael Jordan","correct":true,"count":"138,062"}]
Answers: "MLB","correct":false,"count":"12,367"
Answers: "NFL","correct":false,"count":"29,038"
Answers: "NBA","correct":true,"count":"89,636"}]
Answers: "Designated hitter","correct":false,"count":"26,237"
Answers: "Third base","correct":false,"count":"15,781"
Answers: "Right field","correct":true,"count":"46,948"}]
Answers: "South Carolina","correct":true,"count":"10,874"
Answers: "UConn","correct":false,"count":"20,880"
Answers: "Notre Dame","correct":false,"count":"17,041"}]
Answers: "Kurt Angle","correct":true,"count":"7,988"
Answers: "Brock Lesnar","correct":false,"count":"3,803"
Answers: "Bobby Lashley","correct":false,"count":"1,928"}]
Answers: "Trampolining","correct":true,"count":"1,521"
Answers: "Sneezing","correct":false,"count":"5,657"
Answers: "Washing his car","correct":false,"count":"1,033"}]
Answers: "Henry Cejudo","correct":true,"count":"977"
Answers: "Daniel Cormier","correct":false,"count":"801"
Answers: "Nate Diaz","correct":false,"count":"488"}]
Answers: "AJ Green","correct":false,"count":"364"
Answers: "Jordy Nelson","correct":false,"count":"412"
Answers: "Matt Forte","correct":true,"count":"329"}]
Answers: "240","correct":false,"count":"98"
Answers: "260","correct":false,"count":"137"
Answers: "270","correct":true,"count":"171"}]
Answers: "Paul Coffey","correct":true,"count":"83"
Answers: "Ray Bourque","correct":false,"count":"70"
Answers: "Bobby Orr","correct":false,"count":"58"}]
Answers: "Alex Rodriguez","correct":false,"count":"16"
Answers: "Brady Anderson","correct":true,"count":"45"
Answers: "Barry Bonds","correct":false,"count":"32"}]
Answers: "Stormi Webster","correct":false,"count":"8,400"
Answers: "Ichabod Crane","correct":false,"count":"4,719"
Answers: "Smokey Bear","correct":true,"count":"370,633"}]
Answers: "Grocery store line","correct":false,"count":"3,265"
Answers: "Twitter argument","correct":false,"count":"1,295"
Answers: "Peach","correct":true,"count":"359,353"}]
Answers: "Defenestration","correct":false,"count":"4,638"
Answers: "Destruction","correct":true,"count":"345,485"
Answers: "Designer cakes","correct":false,"count":"3,523"}]
Answers: "Sprocket","correct":false,"count":"69,784"
Answers: "Grommet","correct":true,"count":"220,632"
Answers: "Cogset","correct":false,"count":"49,022"}]
Answers: "Toronto","correct":true,"count":"156,763"
Answers: "Singapore","correct":false,"count":"49,789"
Answers: "Adelaide","correct":false,"count":"17,165"}]
Answers: "Orange juice","correct":false,"count":"34,945"
Answers: "Clam broth","correct":true,"count":"99,070"
Answers: "Bacon bits","correct":false,"count":"19,158"}]
Answers: "Smallville / Remy Zero","correct":true,"count":"32,683"
Answers: "Gossip Girl / P!nk","correct":false,"count":"24,656"
Answers: "Veronica Mars / The Who","correct":false,"count":"36,972"}]
Answers: "Newspapers","correct":false,"count":"15,437"
Answers: "Computers","correct":false,"count":"8,488"
Answers: "Hamburgers","correct":true,"count":"14,143"}]
Answers: "Raleigh, NC","correct":false,"count":"7,906"
Answers: "Columbus, OH","correct":false,"count":"6,624"
Answers: "Washington, DC","correct":true,"count":"3,389"}]
Answers: "Rocktoberfest","correct":false,"count":"376"
Answers: "Rockstar","correct":false,"count":"3,096"
Answers: "Rockumentary","correct":true,"count":"2,418"}]
Answers: "Moon landing","correct":true,"count":"1,001"
Answers: "Cuban Missile Crisis","correct":false,"count":"1,137"
Answers: "Fall of Berlin Wall","correct":false,"count":"518"}]
Answers: "Mr. Belvedere","correct":false,"count":"585"
Answers: "Family Matters","correct":true,"count":"260"
Answers: "Full House","correct":false,"count":"263"}]
Answers: "Ask Jeeves","correct":false,"count":"4,206"
Answers: "AltaVista","correct":false,"count":"2,418"
Answers: "Google","correct":true,"count":"685,060"}]
Answers: "The best of both worlds","correct":false,"count":"5,171"
Answers: "The same place twice","correct":true,"count":"671,764"
Answers: "A bird in the hand","correct":false,"count":"3,168"}]
Answers: "Banana","correct":false,"count":"21,524"
Answers: "Cranberry","correct":true,"count":"560,623"
Answers: "Watermelon","correct":false,"count":"82,039"}]
Answers: "Italy","correct":false,"count":"56,861"
Answers: "Germany","correct":true,"count":"353,711"
Answers: "France","correct":false,"count":"153,774"}]
Answers: "Blue","correct":true,"count":"255,388"
Answers: "Black","correct":false,"count":"26,783"
Answers: "Red","correct":false,"count":"96,398"}]
Answers: "Argon","correct":true,"count":"18,965"
Answers: "Helium","correct":false,"count":"28,644"
Answers: "Hydrogen","correct":false,"count":"221,561"}]
Answers: "Usher","correct":false,"count":"13,211"
Answers: "Lorde","correct":true,"count":"19,718"
Answers: "Prince","correct":false,"count":"19,904"}]
Answers: "Antarctica","correct":true,"count":"10,342"
Answers: "Australia","correct":false,"count":"7,708"
Answers: "Africa","correct":false,"count":"3,991"}]
Answers: "Their choice of reptile","correct":false,"count":"1,712"
Answers: "His salary","correct":false,"count":"776"
Answers: "Movie’s name","correct":true,"count":"8,494"}]
Answers: "Liger","correct":false,"count":"5,812"
Answers: "Panther","correct":false,"count":"235"
Answers: "Tigon","correct":true,"count":"2,682"}]
Answers: "Original name","correct":true,"count":"1,209"
Answers: "Best friend","correct":false,"count":"1,397"
Answers: "Favorite cookie recipe","correct":false,"count":"597"}]
Answers: "Sandy","correct":true,"count":"905"
Answers: "Danny","correct":false,"count":"300"
Answers: "Rizzo","correct":false,"count":"303"}]
Answers: "Charles Darwin","correct":false,"count":"136"
Answers: "Nikola Tesla","correct":true,"count":"670"
Answers: "Albert Einstein","correct":false,"count":"158"}]
Answers: "The March Hare","correct":true,"count":"295"
Answers: "Velveteen Rabbit","correct":false,"count":"231"
Answers: "Peter Rabbit","correct":false,"count":"158"}]
Answers: "Bill","correct":false,"count":"55"
Answers: "John","correct":false,"count":"57"
Answers: "Jim","correct":true,"count":"224"}]
Answers: "Oxygen mask","correct":false,"count":"2,691"
Answers: "Really long straw","correct":false,"count":"1,457"
Answers: "Blowhole","correct":true,"count":"318,841"}]
Answers: "Molokaʻi","correct":true,"count":"305,080"
Answers: "Staten Island","correct":false,"count":"6,494"
Answers: "Margaritaville","correct":false,"count":"3,838"}]
Answers: "Centipede","correct":false,"count":"6,740"
Answers: "Butterfly","correct":true,"count":"295,202"
Answers: "Ant","correct":false,"count":"1,593"}]
Answers: "Robyn","correct":true,"count":"230,027"
Answers: "Cher","correct":false,"count":"11,913"
Answers: "Sade","correct":false,"count":"50,241"}]
Answers: "Lead","correct":false,"count":"85,037"
Answers: "Wood","correct":true,"count":"46,661"
Answers: "Gold","correct":false,"count":"97,965"}]
Answers: "Norway","correct":false,"count":"27,615"
Answers: "Russia","correct":false,"count":"15,345"
Answers: "Illinois","correct":true,"count":"15,046"}]
Answers: "Navy sailor","correct":true,"count":"8,300"
Answers: "Air Force pilot","correct":false,"count":"5,591"
Answers: "Submarine captain","correct":false,"count":"4,176"}]
Answers: "Save the Last Dance","correct":false,"count":"1,572"
Answers: "Cruel Intentions","correct":false,"count":"3,213"
Answers: "She’s All That","correct":true,"count":"4,440"}]
Answers: "Russian Mountains","correct":true,"count":"1,727"
Answers: "Montana Mudslides","correct":false,"count":"1,463"
Answers: "Sumatran Cyclone","correct":false,"count":"1,818"}]
Answers: "Sugar","correct":false,"count":"155"
Answers: "Bones","correct":true,"count":"1,878"
Answers: "Ice","correct":false,"count":"159"}]
Answers: "Montreal","correct":false,"count":"312"
Answers: "Toronto","correct":true,"count":"979"
Answers: "Vancouver","correct":false,"count":"607"}]
Answers: "It","correct":false,"count":"258"
Answers: "Heart of Darkness","correct":true,"count":"566"
Answers: "I Am Legend","correct":false,"count":"258"}]
Answers: "My large adult son","correct":false,"count":"1,513"
Answers: "Beyoncé","correct":false,"count":"1,470"
Answers: "The sun","correct":true,"count":"453,690"}]
Answers: "Twister","correct":false,"count":"2,212"
Answers: "Darts","correct":true,"count":"446,483"
Answers: "Jenga","correct":false,"count":"1,586"}]
Answers: "Boysenberry","correct":false,"count":"6,571"
Answers: "Halle Berry","correct":false,"count":"8,056"
Answers: "Huckleberry","correct":true,"count":"428,273"}]
Answers: "Batgirl","correct":false,"count":"26,611"
Answers: "Catwoman","correct":true,"count":"382,400"
Answers: "Wonder Woman","correct":false,"count":"16,335"}]
Answers: "Bullfighting","correct":true,"count":"310,855"
Answers: "Mountain climbing","correct":false,"count":"32,430"
Answers: "Spearfishing","correct":false,"count":"35,916"}]
Answers: "Vogue","correct":false,"count":"208,313"
Answers: "Paper","correct":true,"count":"97,970"
Answers: "Rookie","correct":false,"count":"6,483"}]
Answers: "Chicago","correct":false,"count":"39,069"
Answers: "Kansas","correct":false,"count":"29,382"
Answers: "Boston","correct":true,"count":"42,120"}]
Answers: "Peaches","correct":false,"count":"18,843"
Answers: "Pears","correct":false,"count":"7,998"
Answers: "Plums","correct":true,"count":"22,978"}]
Answers: "The Flintstones","correct":false,"count":"6,023"
Answers: "Futurama","correct":false,"count":"8,158"
Answers: "King of the Hill","correct":true,"count":"11,488"}]
Answers: "Jaguar","correct":true,"count":"6,866"
Answers: "Wolf","correct":false,"count":"4,967"
Answers: "Dragon","correct":false,"count":"1,655"}]
Answers: "Photographic memory","correct":false,"count":"539"
Answers: "Fight-or-flight response","correct":false,"count":"3,276"
Answers: "REM sleep","correct":true,"count":"3,986"}]
Answers: "Australia","correct":true,"count":"1,966"
Answers: "South America","correct":false,"count":"1,534"
Answers: "Africa","correct":false,"count":"1,065"}]
Answers: "Clouds","correct":true,"count":"299,493"
Answers: "Mountains","correct":false,"count":"2,700"
Answers: "Leonardo DiCaprio","correct":false,"count":"909"}]
Answers: "Chocolate","correct":false,"count":"2,364"
Answers: "Candy corn","correct":false,"count":"4,080"
Answers: "Chewing gum","correct":true,"count":"290,405"}]
Answers: "Borrowed","correct":false,"count":"4,883"
Answers: "Rented","correct":false,"count":"4,184"
Answers: "Stolen","correct":true,"count":"277,656"}]
Answers: "Cher","correct":true,"count":"56,895"
Answers: "Gwen Stefani","correct":false,"count":"48,963"
Answers: "Kelly Clarkson","correct":false,"count":"47,550"}]
Answers: "Deliver US mail","correct":true,"count":"33,781"
Answers: "Get voted sheriff","correct":false,"count":"8,359"
Answers: "Run a saloon","correct":false,"count":"18,705"}]
Answers: "Rolling Stones","correct":false,"count":"14,295"
Answers: "Velvet Underground","correct":false,"count":"11,502"
Answers: "Beatles","correct":true,"count":"9,649"}]
Answers: "Hodmedod","correct":false,"count":"5,107"
Answers: "Biddywog","correct":true,"count":"4,390"
Answers: "Gallybagger","correct":false,"count":"2,458"}]
Answers: "Dunder","correct":true,"count":"2,837"
Answers: "Whistler","correct":false,"count":"1,933"
Answers: "Weezer","correct":false,"count":"385"}]
Answers: "James Madison","correct":false,"count":"474"
Answers: "John Quincy Adams","correct":true,"count":"2,002"
Answers: "James Monroe","correct":false,"count":"622"}]
Answers: "California","correct":false,"count":"1,190"
Answers: "Mexico","correct":true,"count":"724"
Answers: "Texas","correct":false,"count":"241"}]
Answers: "All in the Family","correct":false,"count":"135"
Answers: "Mary Tyler Moore Show","correct":false,"count":"296"
Answers: "Frasier","correct":true,"count":"608"}]
Answers: "Screen","correct":true,"count":"482,911"
Answers: "Ground","correct":false,"count":"2,431"
Answers: "Sky","correct":false,"count":"1,171"}]
Answers: "Deer","correct":true,"count":"472,497"
Answers: "Bear","correct":false,"count":"3,581"
Answers: "Tiger","correct":false,"count":"3,550"}]
Answers: "Clowning","correct":true,"count":"437,978"
Answers: "Clipping","correct":false,"count":"21,637"
Answers: "Holding","correct":false,"count":"8,265"}]
Answers: "Lincoln Memorial","correct":false,"count":"54,744"
Answers: "White House","correct":false,"count":"113,335"
Answers: "US Capitol","correct":true,"count":"266,136"}]
Answers: "Rocko’s Modern Life","correct":true,"count":"136,090"
Answers: "Dexter’s Laboratory","correct":false,"count":"65,961"
Answers: "The Powerpuff Girls","correct":false,"count":"69,238"}]
Answers: "Perceived expertise","correct":true,"count":"60,034"
Answers: "Low self-esteem","correct":false,"count":"18,257"
Answers: "Inferiority complex","correct":false,"count":"61,239"}]
Answers: "Ace","correct":false,"count":"26,433"
Answers: "Ten","correct":false,"count":"14,022"
Answers: "Six","correct":true,"count":"23,926"}]
Answers: "Brazos River","correct":false,"count":"3,236"
Answers: "Rio Grande","correct":false,"count":"6,007"
Answers: "Red River","correct":true,"count":"17,643"}]
Answers: "Tibanna gas","correct":false,"count":"687"
Answers: "Carbonite","correct":true,"count":"16,026"
Answers: "Coaxium","correct":false,"count":"1,738"}]
Answers: "Chuck","correct":false,"count":"7,250"
Answers: "Short plate","correct":true,"count":"1,634"
Answers: "Round","correct":false,"count":"7,351"}]
Answers: "Neck","correct":true,"count":"3,038"
Answers: "Wrist","correct":false,"count":"653"
Answers: "Waist","correct":false,"count":"1,198"}]
Answers: "More Than a Feeling","correct":true,"count":"1,604"
Answers: "(Don’t Fear) The Reaper","correct":false,"count":"947"
Answers: "Take the Money and Run","correct":false,"count":"593"}]
Answers: "Basketball","correct":true,"count":"149,957"
Answers: "Golf","correct":false,"count":"3,380"
Answers: "Baseball","correct":false,"count":"3,578"}]
Answers: "Volleyball","correct":false,"count":"1,111"
Answers: "Hockey puck","correct":true,"count":"146,227"
Answers: "Bowling pin","correct":false,"count":"1,340"}]
Answers: "Giancarlo Stanton","correct":true,"count":"112,868"
Answers: "Ted Williams","correct":false,"count":"13,483"
Answers: "Barry Bonds","correct":false,"count":"15,118"}]
Answers: "Brett Favre","correct":true,"count":"42,146"
Answers: "Eli Manning","correct":false,"count":"36,639"
Answers: "Jay Cutler","correct":false,"count":"31,225"}]
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"5,365"
Answers: "Soccer","correct":false,"count":"24,159"
Answers: "Track & field","correct":true,"count":"15,383"}]
Answers: "Benching him","correct":false,"count":"2,045"
Answers: "Making him play","correct":true,"count":"6,837"
Answers: "Making him wash jerseys","correct":false,"count":"7,965"}]
Answers: "Fenway Park","correct":false,"count":"2,252"
Answers: "Yankee Stadium","correct":false,"count":"2,151"
Answers: "Wrigley Field","correct":true,"count":"2,970"}]
Answers: "Tiger Woods","correct":false,"count":"1,005"
Answers: "Bubba Watson","correct":true,"count":"1,967"
Answers: "Phil Mickelson","correct":false,"count":"410"}]
Answers: "Minnesota","correct":true,"count":"1,271"
Answers: "UCLA","correct":false,"count":"306"
Answers: "Northwestern","correct":false,"count":"509"}]
Answers: "Markings","correct":true,"count":"455"
Answers: "Inflation pressure","correct":false,"count":"715"
Answers: "Weight","correct":false,"count":"194"}]
Answers: "Finland","correct":true,"count":"291"
Answers: "Russia","correct":false,"count":"176"
Answers: "Canada","correct":false,"count":"122"}]
Answers: "Astros","correct":false,"count":"95"
Answers: "Mets","correct":false,"count":"130"
Answers: "Angels","correct":true,"count":"111"}]
Answers: "Downtown","correct":false,"count":"7,342"
Answers: "Westworld","correct":false,"count":"3,670"
Answers: "Upstream","correct":true,"count":"285,060"}]
Answers: "Tasket","correct":true,"count":"274,168"
Answers: "Tumblr","correct":false,"count":"4,678"
Answers: "Tamagotchi","correct":false,"count":"1,885"}]
Answers: "Dog","correct":true,"count":"264,881"
Answers: "Sea lion","correct":false,"count":"2,035"
Answers: "Horse","correct":false,"count":"4,934"}]
Answers: "After waking up","correct":true,"count":"200,840"
Answers: "Midday","correct":false,"count":"36,069"
Answers: "Just before sleep","correct":false,"count":"24,933"}]
Answers: "Victor","correct":true,"count":"151,386"
Answers: "William","correct":false,"count":"23,221"
Answers: "Ernest","correct":false,"count":"25,982"}]
Answers: "Griefer","correct":true,"count":"53,681"
Answers: "Lamer","correct":false,"count":"45,157"
Answers: "Squatter","correct":false,"count":"51,489"}]
Answers: "Calcium","correct":false,"count":"9,830"
Answers: "Lithium","correct":false,"count":"22,488"
Answers: "Copper","correct":true,"count":"25,956"}]
Answers: "Boy","correct":false,"count":"8,841"
Answers: "Man","correct":false,"count":"12,549"
Answers: "Dog","correct":true,"count":"6,537"}]
Answers: "France","correct":false,"count":"2,757"
Answers: "United States","correct":false,"count":"2,372"
Answers: "Italy","correct":true,"count":"3,071"}]
Answers: "Peyton Randolph","correct":true,"count":"814"
Answers: "John Jay","correct":false,"count":"2,480"
Answers: "Aaron Burr","correct":false,"count":"1,125"}]
Answers: "Monaco","correct":false,"count":"522"
Answers: "San Marino","correct":true,"count":"411"
Answers: "Luxembourg","correct":false,"count":"317"}]
Answers: "Antonyms","correct":true,"count":"133"
Answers: "Latin","correct":false,"count":"299"
Answers: "Poetry","correct":false,"count":"85"}]
Answers: "Get a tan","correct":true,"count":"455,282"
Answers: "Use a deep fryer","correct":false,"count":"1,648"
Answers: "Practice feng shui","correct":false,"count":"759"}]
Answers: "Donor card","correct":true,"count":"448,360"
Answers: "Donna Karan","correct":false,"count":"1,375"
Answers: "Doner kebab","correct":false,"count":"744"}]
Answers: "Pigeon","correct":false,"count":"4,830"
Answers: "Parrot","correct":false,"count":"1,501"
Answers: "Duck","correct":true,"count":"438,310"}]
Answers: "Penn State","correct":false,"count":"75,258"
Answers: "Rutgers","correct":false,"count":"30,610"
Answers: "Dartmouth","correct":true,"count":"328,820"}]
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"12,153"
Answers: "Tennis","correct":true,"count":"250,638"
Answers: "Golf","correct":false,"count":"66,257"}]
Answers: "Rolling pin","correct":false,"count":"29,761"
Answers: "Olive oil","correct":true,"count":"23,612"
Answers: "Meat cleaver","correct":false,"count":"198,662"}]
Answers: "Vampires","correct":false,"count":"3,164"
Answers: "A Vampire","correct":false,"count":"21,555"
Answers: "The Vampire","correct":true,"count":"12,964"}]
Answers: "√10","correct":false,"count":"825"
Answers: "e","correct":false,"count":"1,409"
Answers: "Pi","correct":true,"count":"12,458"}]
Answers: "Raised prices","correct":true,"count":"3,682"
Answers: "Blew cold mist","correct":false,"count":"8,410"
Answers: "Shouted their location","correct":false,"count":"435"}]
Answers: "China","correct":false,"count":"745"
Answers: "Bhutan","correct":false,"count":"1,065"
Answers: "Myanmar","correct":true,"count":"3,269"}]
Answers: "Chinese checkers","correct":false,"count":"141"
Answers: "Mahjong","correct":false,"count":"928"
Answers: "Go","correct":true,"count":"2,452"}]
Answers: "Tender Is the Night","correct":true,"count":"1,134"
Answers: "Little Women","correct":false,"count":"773"
Answers: "The Scarlet Letter","correct":false,"count":"622"}]
Answers: "Cue ball","correct":false,"count":"8,801"
Answers: "Q*Bert","correct":false,"count":"2,881"
Answers: "Cucumber","correct":true,"count":"268,490"}]
Answers: "One year","correct":true,"count":"201,464"
Answers: "One day","correct":false,"count":"61,442"
Answers: "One hour","correct":false,"count":"1,457"}]
Answers: "Devil’s food","correct":false,"count":"5,616"
Answers: "Angel food","correct":false,"count":"3,872"
Answers: "Cherub food","correct":true,"count":"193,313"}]
Answers: "Cookie Monster","correct":false,"count":"27,900"
Answers: "Grover","correct":true,"count":"147,750"
Answers: "Kermit the Frog","correct":false,"count":"14,820"}]
Answers: "Aretha Franklin","correct":true,"count":"126,017"
Answers: "Madonna","correct":false,"count":"21,428"
Answers: "Mariah Carey","correct":false,"count":"1,940"}]
Answers: "Commands","correct":false,"count":"10,823"
Answers: "Statements","correct":false,"count":"19,614"
Answers: "Questions","correct":true,"count":"95,280"}]
Answers: "As the World Turns","correct":false,"count":"5,655"
Answers: "Days of Our Lives","correct":true,"count":"84,122"
Answers: "One Life to Live","correct":false,"count":"7,624"}]
Answers: "Beef","correct":false,"count":"11,996"
Answers: "Mushrooms","correct":true,"count":"52,384"
Answers: "Zucchini","correct":false,"count":"20,376"}]
Answers: "Silver Club","correct":true,"count":"29,518"
Answers: "Green Jacket","correct":false,"count":"3,281"
Answers: "Claret Jug","correct":false,"count":"23,434"}]
Answers: "Kiefer Sutherland","correct":false,"count":"14,392"
Answers: "Clint Eastwood","correct":false,"count":"8,977"
Answers: "Samuel L. Jackson","correct":true,"count":"10,267"}]
Answers: "Nepal","correct":false,"count":"8,432"
Answers: "Ecuador","correct":true,"count":"4,507"
Answers: "Japan","correct":false,"count":"2,053"}]
Answers: "Party of Five","correct":false,"count":"1,313"
Answers: "My So-Called Life","correct":false,"count":"1,490"
Answers: "Beverly Hills, 90210","correct":true,"count":"3,372"}]
Answers: "Earthwaddle","correct":false,"count":"1,386"
Answers: "Moonwalk","correct":true,"count":"527,117"
Answers: "Sunhop","correct":false,"count":"702"}]
Answers: "Clap once! Clap twice!","correct":false,"count":"40,578"
Answers: "Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap!","correct":false,"count":"14,247"
Answers: "Clap on! Clap off!","correct":true,"count":"463,576"}]
Answers: "Crimp","correct":true,"count":"422,535"
Answers: "Beehive","correct":false,"count":"26,377"
Answers: "Bob","correct":false,"count":"15,088"}]
Answers: "Facts","correct":false,"count":"10,026"
Answers: "Fast","correct":false,"count":"44,040"
Answers: "Facsimile","correct":true,"count":"369,913"}]
Answers: "Citizen","correct":false,"count":"61,281"
Answers: "Friend","correct":false,"count":"216,983"
Answers: "Parent","correct":true,"count":"91,954"}]
Answers: "Water","correct":false,"count":"50,245"
Answers: "Food after midnight","correct":true,"count":"71,857"
Answers: "Bright lights","correct":false,"count":"8,645"}]
Answers: "Knight Rider","correct":false,"count":"467"
Answers: "The A-Team","correct":false,"count":"76,040"
Answers: "Neither","correct":true,"count":"4,400"}]
Answers: "Patrick Swayze","correct":false,"count":"3,851"
Answers: "Sylvester Stallone","correct":true,"count":"8,197"
Answers: "Eddie Murphy","correct":false,"count":"4,505"}]
Answers: "George Orwell","correct":false,"count":"935"
Answers: "Wall Street","correct":false,"count":"1,472"
Answers: "The Yuppie","correct":true,"count":"6,257"}]
Answers: "Grunge Music","correct":true,"count":"703"
Answers: "Disco Music","correct":false,"count":"1,833"
Answers: "Pop Music","correct":false,"count":"3,726"}]
Answers: "Beastie Boys","correct":false,"count":"555"
Answers: "Public Enemy","correct":false,"count":"260"
Answers: "Run-DMC","correct":true,"count":"333"}]
Answers: "Sloths","correct":false,"count":"58"
Answers: "Socks","correct":false,"count":"180"
Answers: "Salt","correct":true,"count":"131"}]
Answers: "Touchscreen","correct":true,"count":"278,452"
Answers: "Smushscreen","correct":false,"count":"1,052"
Answers: "Poundscreen","correct":false,"count":"632"}]
Answers: "Trucker hat","correct":true,"count":"263,342"
Answers: "State governor hat","correct":false,"count":"4,390"
Answers: "Brain surgeon hat","correct":false,"count":"3,486"}]
Answers: "Iris","correct":true,"count":"237,570"
Answers: "Pupil","correct":false,"count":"22,896"
Answers: "Lid","correct":false,"count":"693"}]
Answers: "Wheelbarrow","correct":false,"count":"52,715"
Answers: "Anvil","correct":true,"count":"169,596"
Answers: "Thimble","correct":false,"count":"11,284"}]
Answers: "Pan-fried","correct":false,"count":"92,694"
Answers: "Bread-wrapped","correct":true,"count":"67,738"
Answers: "Hot and flavorful","correct":false,"count":"11,115"}]
Answers: "Toni Morrison","correct":false,"count":"17,377"
Answers: "Ernest Hemingway","correct":true,"count":"33,360"
Answers: "Gabriel Garcia Marquez","correct":false,"count":"24,365"}]
Answers: "Chris Evert","correct":false,"count":"4,017"
Answers: "Margaret Court","correct":false,"count":"4,300"
Answers: "Billie Jean King","correct":true,"count":"27,802"}]
Answers: "Dodecahedron","correct":false,"count":"1,991"
Answers: "Tetrahedron","correct":true,"count":"17,278"
Answers: "Prismoid","correct":false,"count":"8,998"}]
Answers: "Bonn","correct":true,"count":"5,825"
Answers: "Dresden","correct":false,"count":"3,880"
Answers: "Munich","correct":false,"count":"8,679"}]
Answers: "Daniel Boone","correct":false,"count":"3,060"
Answers: "Davy Crockett","correct":true,"count":"2,761"
Answers: "Meriwether Lewis","correct":false,"count":"1,647"}]
Answers: "Corsica","correct":true,"count":"1,925"
Answers: "Ibiza","correct":false,"count":"765"
Answers: "Mallorca","correct":false,"count":"630"}]
Answers: "Martin Scorsese","correct":false,"count":"663"
Answers: "George Lucas","correct":false,"count":"443"
Answers: "Steven Spielberg","correct":true,"count":"923"}]
Answers: "Kneecap","correct":true,"count":"396,447"
Answers: "Wristsombrero","correct":false,"count":"1,569"
Answers: "Shoulderfedora","correct":false,"count":"1,740"}]
Answers: "Abraham Lincoln","correct":true,"count":"316,851"
Answers: "Benjamin Franklin","correct":false,"count":"72,526"
Answers: "My uncle Jeff","correct":false,"count":"674"}]
Answers: "Freezes it","correct":false,"count":"3,932"
Answers: "Browns it","correct":true,"count":"308,500"
Answers: "Dilutes it","correct":false,"count":"5,374"}]
Answers: "Pronounce it as “D”","correct":false,"count":"14,388"
Answers: "Add a “Y” sound","correct":true,"count":"169,347"
Answers: "Stress that syllable","correct":false,"count":"101,129"}]
Answers: "Legend of Zelda","correct":false,"count":"19,941"
Answers: "Castlevania","correct":false,"count":"5,251"
Answers: "Mario Kart","correct":true,"count":"150,419"}]
Answers: "Voxel","correct":true,"count":"49,547"
Answers: "Cubex","correct":false,"count":"95,304"
Answers: "Trickle","correct":false,"count":"4,717"}]
Answers: "Tangerines","correct":false,"count":"9,482"
Answers: "Submarines","correct":true,"count":"27,870"
Answers: "Magazines","correct":false,"count":"16,605"}]
Answers: "Mortadella","correct":true,"count":"15,716"
Answers: "Canadian bacon","correct":false,"count":"5,274"
Answers: "Genoa salami","correct":false,"count":"8,262"}]
Answers: "Aziz Ansari","correct":false,"count":"3,182"
Answers: "Judah Friedlander","correct":true,"count":"8,836"
Answers: "Zach Galifianakis","correct":false,"count":"5,117"}]
Answers: "Georgia","correct":true,"count":"6,739"
Answers: "Armenia","correct":false,"count":"1,895"
Answers: "Azerbaijan","correct":false,"count":"1,338"}]
Answers: "R2-D2","correct":true,"count":"4,194"
Answers: "Godzilla","correct":false,"count":"1,503"
Answers: "Shrek","correct":false,"count":"1,388"}]
Answers: "The Nutcracker","correct":false,"count":"2,414"
Answers: "Swan Lake","correct":false,"count":"792"
Answers: "La Gioconda","correct":true,"count":"1,411"}]
Answers: "Power play","correct":true,"count":"136,768"
Answers: "Exotic blitz scheme","correct":false,"count":"2,370"
Answers: "Strong style","correct":false,"count":"2,312"}]
Answers: "Long jump","correct":false,"count":"5,015"
Answers: "Pole vault","correct":true,"count":"128,025"
Answers: "Triple jump","correct":false,"count":"1,725"}]
Answers: "Brazilian jiu-jitsu","correct":true,"count":"106,796"
Answers: "Swedish karate","correct":false,"count":"3,634"
Answers: "Australian judo","correct":false,"count":"7,039"}]
Answers: "Ronald Acuna Jr.","correct":true,"count":"77,596"
Answers: "Albert Pujols","correct":false,"count":"18,682"
Answers: "Ichiro","correct":false,"count":"5,020"}]
Answers: "Hockey","correct":false,"count":"13,135"
Answers: "Football","correct":false,"count":"39,498"
Answers: "Baseball","correct":true,"count":"24,732"}]
Answers: "Candace Parker","correct":false,"count":"4,950"
Answers: "Lisa Leslie","correct":true,"count":"17,561"
Answers: "Brittney Griner","correct":false,"count":"5,136"}]
Answers: "Angels","correct":false,"count":"7,174"
Answers: "Nationals","correct":true,"count":"5,506"
Answers: "Brewers","correct":false,"count":"4,762"}]
Answers: "Baker Mayfield","correct":true,"count":"1,710"
Answers: "Josh Rosen","correct":false,"count":"1,999"
Answers: "Sam Darnold","correct":false,"count":"4,080"}]
Answers: "Brett Hull","correct":true,"count":"1,052"
Answers: "Patrick Kane","correct":false,"count":"607"
Answers: "Mike Modano","correct":false,"count":"615"}]
Answers: "Miguel Cabrera","correct":true,"count":"452"
Answers: "Barry Bonds","correct":false,"count":"320"
Answers: "Pete Rose","correct":false,"count":"407"}]
Answers: "Jeff Gordon","correct":true,"count":"166"
Answers: "Jimmie Johnson","correct":false,"count":"96"
Answers: "Dale Earnhardt","correct":false,"count":"262"}]
Answers: "Carmelo Anthony","correct":false,"count":"119"
Answers: "Kevin Durant","correct":true,"count":"51"
Answers: "Michael Jordan","correct":false,"count":"30"}]
Answers: "Mailman","correct":false,"count":"1,313"
Answers: "Spider-Man","correct":true,"count":"287,403"
Answers: "Milkman","correct":false,"count":"704"}]
Answers: "Franklin Roosevelt","correct":true,"count":"173,598"
Answers: "George Washington","correct":false,"count":"94,324"
Answers: "Grover Cleveland","correct":false,"count":"12,794"}]
Answers: "Tablet","correct":true,"count":"157,712"
Answers: "Capsule","correct":false,"count":"11,683"
Answers: "Slate","correct":false,"count":"5,673"}]
Answers: "Carbonara","correct":false,"count":"22,598"
Answers: "Bucatini","correct":true,"count":"78,780"
Answers: "Tetrazzini","correct":false,"count":"51,928"}]
Answers: "World Wildlife Fund","correct":true,"count":"55,478"
Answers: "World Wrestling Council","correct":false,"count":"10,017"
Answers: "World Wide Web","correct":false,"count":"10,788"}]
Answers: "U","correct":true,"count":"46,926"
Answers: "E","correct":false,"count":"6,561"
Answers: "I","correct":false,"count":"2,851"}]
Answers: "Gravity","correct":true,"count":"22,713"
Answers: "Weak nuclear force","correct":false,"count":"5,647"
Answers: "Electromagnetism","correct":false,"count":"17,257"}]
Answers: "Armed and Dangerous","correct":true,"count":"13,141"
Answers: "The Dead Pool","correct":false,"count":"8,388"
Answers: "The Enforcer","correct":false,"count":"2,924"}]
Answers: "Flop","correct":false,"count":"2,196"
Answers: "River","correct":true,"count":"8,294"
Answers: "Turn","correct":false,"count":"3,005"}]
Answers: "Staley","correct":false,"count":"1,438"
Answers: "Billy","correct":false,"count":"2,058"
Answers: "Wally","correct":true,"count":"5,977"}]
Answers: "Nicaragua","correct":false,"count":"935"
Answers: "Honduras","correct":false,"count":"779"
Answers: "Belize","correct":true,"count":"4,978"}]
Answers: "Chocolate","correct":false,"count":"1,094"
Answers: "Popcorn","correct":true,"count":"3,574"
Answers: "Potatoes","correct":false,"count":"501"}]
Answers: "Keytar","correct":false,"count":"2,401"
Answers: "Keno","correct":false,"count":"2,428"
Answers: "Keyboard","correct":true,"count":"473,524"}]
Answers: "Miami Vice","correct":true,"count":"451,122"
Answers: "Seattle Sloth","correct":false,"count":"9,798"
Answers: "Indianapolis Lust","correct":false,"count":"6,366"}]
Answers: "Boyz-n-the-Hood","correct":true,"count":"417,694"
Answers: "The Silence of the Lambs","correct":false,"count":"10,349"
Answers: "The Big Lebowski","correct":false,"count":"15,870"}]
Answers: "Dog","correct":false,"count":"10,891"
Answers: "Bear","correct":false,"count":"30,050"
Answers: "Turtle","correct":true,"count":"367,979"}]
Answers: "Seine","correct":true,"count":"257,323"
Answers: "Thames","correct":false,"count":"99,710"
Answers: "Volga","correct":false,"count":"10,846"}]
Answers: "Trombone","correct":false,"count":"53,812"
Answers: "Cornet","correct":true,"count":"177,601"
Answers: "Sousaphone","correct":false,"count":"28,161"}]
Answers: "US president","correct":false,"count":"46,458"
Answers: "Treasury secretary","correct":false,"count":"59,517"
Answers: "Postmaster general","correct":true,"count":"73,160"}]
Answers: "Amazon rainforest","correct":false,"count":"11,366"
Answers: "Sahara desert","correct":true,"count":"57,553"
Answers: "Scottish moor","correct":false,"count":"13,392"}]
Answers: "National Football League","correct":false,"count":"6,023"
Answers: "American League baseball","correct":true,"count":"42,063"
Answers: "National Hockey League","correct":false,"count":"11,462"}]
Answers: "Omega","correct":false,"count":"5,507"
Answers: "Theta","correct":true,"count":"22,727"
Answers: "Delta","correct":false,"count":"17,054"}]
Answers: "Kidney","correct":true,"count":"18,246"
Answers: "Liver","correct":false,"count":"5,588"
Answers: "Heart","correct":false,"count":"2,885"}]
Answers: "The Lakers won","correct":false,"count":"5,419"
Answers: "There was a barbecue","correct":true,"count":"7,420"
Answers: "He played dominos","correct":false,"count":"6,365"}]
Answers: "Flying fox","correct":false,"count":"1,307"
Answers: "Big brown bat","correct":false,"count":"702"
Answers: "Butterfly","correct":true,"count":"130,931"}]
Answers: "Friend Zone","correct":false,"count":"1,854"
Answers: "Octagon","correct":true,"count":"117,435"
Answers: "Cube","correct":false,"count":"10,296"}]
Answers: "Flop","correct":true,"count":"74,380"
Answers: "Drive","correct":false,"count":"34,329"
Answers: "Putt","correct":false,"count":"2,992"}]
Answers: "James Harden","correct":false,"count":"7,890"
Answers: "Russell Westbrook","correct":true,"count":"53,109"
Answers: "LeBron James","correct":false,"count":"13,998"}]
Answers: "Al Davis","correct":true,"count":"32,997"
Answers: "Bill Parcells","correct":false,"count":"8,947"
Answers: "Jerry Jones","correct":false,"count":"9,917"}]
Answers: "Morgan Hurd","correct":false,"count":"2,212"
Answers: "Gabby Douglas","correct":false,"count":"4,034"
Answers: "Simone Biles","correct":true,"count":"27,658"}]
Answers: "Ken Griffey Jr.","correct":false,"count":"17,406"
Answers: "Tony Conigliaro","correct":true,"count":"9,602"
Answers: "Barry Bonds","correct":false,"count":"813"}]
Answers: "Colin Kaepernick","correct":true,"count":"4,617"
Answers: "Cam Newton","correct":false,"count":"1,936"
Answers: "Michael Vick","correct":false,"count":"4,786"}]
Answers: "Right field","correct":false,"count":"468"
Answers: "Third base","correct":false,"count":"2,765"
Answers: "Catcher","correct":true,"count":"2,194"}]
Answers: "New York Yankees","correct":false,"count":"190"
Answers: "UCLA Bruins","correct":true,"count":"856"
Answers: "Green Bay Packers","correct":false,"count":"1,810"}]
Answers: "Ravens","correct":false,"count":"377"
Answers: "Texans","correct":true,"count":"614"
Answers: "Panthers","correct":false,"count":"168"}]
Answers: "Michael Jordan","correct":true,"count":"315"
Answers: "Hakeem Olajuwon","correct":false,"count":"178"
Answers: "Rasheed Wallace","correct":false,"count":"185"}]
Answers: "Pal","correct":false,"count":"2,725"
Answers: "Friend","correct":false,"count":"1,592"
Answers: "Bud","correct":true,"count":"274,191"}]
Answers: "Menudo","correct":false,"count":"5,380"
Answers: "The Wayback Boys","correct":false,"count":"22,173"
Answers: "The Rat Pack","correct":true,"count":"241,495"}]
Answers: "Tails","correct":false,"count":"61,381"
Answers: "Noses","correct":true,"count":"162,719"
Answers: "Fingers","correct":false,"count":"9,939"}]
Answers: "Hawaii","correct":false,"count":"20,533"
Answers: "Wisconsin","correct":true,"count":"87,898"
Answers: "South Carolina","correct":false,"count":"52,022"}]
Answers: "Stradivari","correct":true,"count":"76,415"
Answers: "Da Vinci","correct":false,"count":"5,899"
Answers: "Michelangelo","correct":false,"count":"6,194"}]
Answers: "Albania","correct":false,"count":"5,461"
Answers: "Greece","correct":false,"count":"38,820"
Answers: "Turkey","correct":true,"count":"31,133"}]
Answers: "Nothing","correct":true,"count":"13,727"
Answers: "Modesty","correct":false,"count":"9,989"
Answers: "Outrage","correct":false,"count":"9,258"}]
Answers: "Vanilla","correct":true,"count":"7,657"
Answers: "Chocolate","correct":false,"count":"2,782"
Answers: "Strawberry","correct":false,"count":"4,451"}]
Answers: "Nunavut","correct":false,"count":"1,163"
Answers: "Saskatchewan","correct":true,"count":"5,435"
Answers: "Yukon","correct":false,"count":"1,672"}]
Answers: "Pathologist","correct":false,"count":"101"
Answers: "Rheumatologist","correct":false,"count":"204"
Answers: "Endocrinologist","correct":true,"count":"5,558"}]
Answers: "Apple-knocker","correct":false,"count":"952"
Answers: "Taradiddle","correct":true,"count":"1,707"
Answers: "Flibbertigibbet","correct":false,"count":"2,842"}]
Answers: "5 p.m.","correct":false,"count":"428"
Answers: "Midnight","correct":false,"count":"326"
Answers: "Noon","correct":true,"count":"1,601"}]
Answers: "Footbase","correct":false,"count":"5,657"
Answers: "Basketball","correct":true,"count":"433,980"
Answers: "Puckhole","correct":false,"count":"1,121"}]
Answers: "Protective case","correct":false,"count":"5,769"
Answers: "Headphones","correct":false,"count":"9,000"
Answers: "Printer","correct":true,"count":"414,707"}]
Answers: "Meat","correct":true,"count":"323,790"
Answers: "Tomatoes","correct":false,"count":"52,130"
Answers: "Cheese","correct":false,"count":"32,620"}]
Answers: "American Revolution","correct":false,"count":"62,278"
Answers: "World War II","correct":false,"count":"65,408"
Answers: "Civil War","correct":true,"count":"194,939"}]
Answers: "North Dakota","correct":false,"count":"21,201"
Answers: "Idaho","correct":false,"count":"49,220"
Answers: "Oklahoma","correct":true,"count":"125,647"}]
Answers: "Aztec","correct":false,"count":"27,777"
Answers: "Inca","correct":false,"count":"30,746"
Answers: "Maya","correct":true,"count":"69,345"}]
Answers: "Babies","correct":true,"count":"50,361"
Answers: "Pre-med students","correct":false,"count":"9,986"
Answers: "Military recruits","correct":false,"count":"11,721"}]
Answers: "North","correct":false,"count":"13,078"
Answers: "East","correct":true,"count":"21,241"
Answers: "West","correct":false,"count":"16,865"}]
Answers: "Galileo","correct":false,"count":"6,152"
Answers: "Ptolemy","correct":false,"count":"2,873"
Answers: "Copernicus","correct":true,"count":"14,832"}]
Answers: "Taiwan","correct":true,"count":"8,735"
Answers: "Vienna","correct":false,"count":"6,231"
Answers: "Mexico City","correct":false,"count":"1,016"}]
Answers: "Kinkajou","correct":true,"count":"5,283"
Answers: "Marmoset","correct":false,"count":"2,812"
Answers: "Loris","correct":false,"count":"1,605"}]
Answers: "Latin","correct":true,"count":"4,711"
Answers: "Klingon","correct":false,"count":"548"
Answers: "Yiddish","correct":false,"count":"1,271"}]
Answers: "Christmas","correct":false,"count":"1,335"
Answers: "Yesterday","correct":false,"count":"3,389"
Answers: "Tomorrow","correct":true,"count":"266,148"}]
Answers: "Boxing","correct":false,"count":"1,469"
Answers: "Horse racing","correct":false,"count":"2,334"
Answers: "Archery","correct":true,"count":"255,378"}]
Answers: "Noodle","correct":true,"count":"235,319"
Answers: "Water wings","correct":false,"count":"10,083"
Answers: "Root beer float","correct":false,"count":"5,272"}]
Answers: "David Copperfield","correct":true,"count":"180,209"
Answers: "Criss Angel","correct":false,"count":"36,658"
Answers: "Penn Jillette","correct":false,"count":"16,061"}]
Answers: "Yelling at them","correct":false,"count":"18,837"
Answers: "Sitting on them","correct":false,"count":"39,266"
Answers: "Stepping on them","correct":true,"count":"115,496"}]
Answers: "Melanie Brown","correct":false,"count":"29,624"
Answers: "Emma Bunton","correct":false,"count":"27,199"
Answers: "Geri Halliwell","correct":true,"count":"58,941"}]
Answers: "Danny Trejo","correct":false,"count":"18,935"
Answers: "Alfred Molina","correct":true,"count":"29,168"
Answers: "Jimmy Smits","correct":false,"count":"12,373"}]
Answers: "Centaurs","correct":false,"count":"5,904"
Answers: "Dragons","correct":false,"count":"3,388"
Answers: "Unicorns","correct":true,"count":"22,021"}]
Answers: "Dirt","correct":false,"count":"1,481"
Answers: "Messenger of the gods","correct":false,"count":"17,655"
Answers: "King of the gods","correct":true,"count":"3,458"}]
Answers: "St. James’ Palace","correct":true,"count":"1,690"
Answers: "Buckingham Palace","correct":false,"count":"2,237"
Answers: "Westminster Abbey","correct":false,"count":"3,317"}]
Answers: "Volgograd","correct":true,"count":"734"
Answers: "Vladivostok","correct":false,"count":"437"
Answers: "St. Petersburg","correct":false,"count":"1,070"}]
Answers: "Eternal September","correct":true,"count":"345"
Answers: "Magic September","correct":false,"count":"223"
Answers: "World Wide Webtember","correct":false,"count":"353"}]
Answers: "Swifties","correct":false,"count":"12,033"
Answers: "Little Monsters","correct":false,"count":"22,190"
Answers: "Beyhive","correct":true,"count":"439,306"}]
Answers: "David Bowie","correct":true,"count":"266,973"
Answers: "Frank Sinatra","correct":false,"count":"8,672"
Answers: "Elvis Presley","correct":false,"count":"7,036"}]
Answers: "The Supremes","correct":false,"count":"13,757"
Answers: "The Beatles","correct":false,"count":"6,168"
Answers: "The Ramones","correct":true,"count":"185,628"}]
Answers: "Swifties","correct":false,"count":"7,183"
Answers: "Little Monsters","correct":false,"count":"12,924"
Answers: "Beyhive","correct":true,"count":"567,479"}]
Answers: "David Bowie","correct":true,"count":"541,898"
Answers: "Frank Sinatra","correct":false,"count":"12,608"
Answers: "Elvis Presley","correct":false,"count":"8,668"}]
Answers: "The Supremes","correct":false,"count":"23,070"
Answers: "The Beatles","correct":false,"count":"10,794"
Answers: "The Ramones","correct":true,"count":"506,182"}]
Answers: "Post Malone","correct":false,"count":"238,534"
Answers: "Nicki Minaj","correct":true,"count":"142,050"
Answers: "Cardi B","correct":false,"count":"118,302"}]
Answers: "My Heart Will Go On","correct":false,"count":"75,116"
Answers: "I Will Always Love You","correct":true,"count":"64,367"
Answers: "Summer Lovin’","correct":false,"count":"26,247"}]
Answers: "RZA","correct":false,"count":"6,509"
Answers: "GZA","correct":false,"count":"13,435"
Answers: "SZA","correct":true,"count":"53,065"}]
Answers: "Aretha Franklin","correct":false,"count":"34,837"
Answers: "Otis Redding","correct":true,"count":"14,473"
Answers: "Etta James","correct":false,"count":"4,786"}]
Answers: "Max Martin","correct":false,"count":"4,384"
Answers: "Taylor Swift","correct":true,"count":"6,724"
Answers: "Calvin Harris","correct":false,"count":"7,919"}]
Answers: "Los Angeles","correct":false,"count":"920"
Answers: "Europe","correct":false,"count":"3,779"
Answers: "Venus","correct":true,"count":"3,146"}]
Answers: "Closing Time","correct":true,"count":"2,581"
Answers: "A Thousand Miles","correct":false,"count":"725"
Answers: "Unwritten","correct":false,"count":"766"}]
Answers: "Born in the USA","correct":false,"count":"474"
Answers: "Surfin’ USA","correct":false,"count":"934"
Answers: "Party in the USA","correct":true,"count":"1,247"}]
Answers: "‘Till the end","correct":false,"count":"239"
Answers: "We are the champions","correct":true,"count":"484"
Answers: "Of the world","correct":false,"count":"685"}]
Answers: "Bonnet","correct":true,"count":"374,707"
Answers: "Buffet","correct":false,"count":"2,746"
Answers: "Bonbon","correct":false,"count":"4,068"}]
Answers: "Jiminy Cricket","correct":false,"count":"124,450"
Answers: "Wilson Pickett","correct":false,"count":"12,199"
Answers: "Sticky wicket","correct":true,"count":"231,245"}]
Answers: "Mouse","correct":false,"count":"30,497"
Answers: "Flamingo","correct":false,"count":"75,142"
Answers: "Kitten","correct":true,"count":"124,078"}]
Answers: "Gazpacho","correct":false,"count":"11,696"
Answers: "Papas fritas","correct":false,"count":"52,862"
Answers: "Pinchos","correct":true,"count":"61,849"}]
Answers: "Fort Henry","correct":false,"count":"9,603"
Answers: "Fort Knox","correct":false,"count":"6,241"
Answers: "Fort Sumter","correct":true,"count":"48,481"}]
Answers: "Soba noodles","correct":false,"count":"7,512"
Answers: "Sushi","correct":false,"count":"2,427"
Answers: "Wagyu beef","correct":true,"count":"38,906"}]
Answers: "Russell Crowe","correct":false,"count":"9,764"
Answers: "George Clooney","correct":true,"count":"28,554"
Answers: "Denzel Washington","correct":false,"count":"1,175"}]
Answers: "China","correct":true,"count":"17,724"
Answers: "Sweden","correct":false,"count":"9,034"
Answers: "Iran","correct":false,"count":"2,033"}]
Answers: "Google","correct":false,"count":"7,248"
Answers: "Yahoo!","correct":true,"count":"8,470"
Answers: "Ask Jeeves","correct":false,"count":"3,108"}]
Answers: "Venezuela","correct":false,"count":"674"
Answers: "Paraguay","correct":true,"count":"6,187"
Answers: "Uruguay","correct":false,"count":"4,045"}]
Answers: "Cleopatra VII","correct":false,"count":"1,510"
Answers: "Ramesses II","correct":true,"count":"3,691"
Answers: "Tutankhamun","correct":false,"count":"1,640"}]
Answers: "How I Met Your Mother","correct":false,"count":"896"
Answers: "Two and a Half Men","correct":true,"count":"2,562"
Answers: "Modern Family","correct":false,"count":"706"}]
Answers: "Juggalo","correct":false,"count":"5,174"
Answers: "Julius","correct":true,"count":"117,899"
Answers: "Jorts","correct":false,"count":"2,498"}]
Answers: "Safety","correct":false,"count":"7,666"
Answers: "Field goal","correct":true,"count":"104,458"
Answers: "Touchdown","correct":false,"count":"4,026"}]
Answers: "Mo'ne Davis","correct":true,"count":"43,001"
Answers: "Todd Frazier","correct":false,"count":"19,313"
Answers: "Danny Almonte","correct":false,"count":"39,449"}]
Answers: "Fair","correct":true,"count":"27,191"
Answers: "Foul","correct":false,"count":"12,548"
Answers: "Part fair / part foul","correct":false,"count":"4,234"}]
Answers: "Massachusetts","correct":false,"count":"5,223"
Answers: "Michigan","correct":false,"count":"6,964"
Answers: "Pennsylvania","correct":true,"count":"15,343"}]
Answers: "Steelers","correct":false,"count":"7,133"
Answers: "Browns","correct":true,"count":"7,192"
Answers: "Ravens","correct":false,"count":"871"}]
Answers: "Royals","correct":false,"count":"559"
Answers: "Marlins","correct":false,"count":"616"
Answers: "Orioles","correct":true,"count":"6,555"}]
Answers: "Nine-dart finish","correct":true,"count":"3,652"
Answers: "Trips bullseye","correct":false,"count":"533"
Answers: "Around the world","correct":false,"count":"2,449"}]
Answers: "The two teams","correct":true,"count":"3,597"
Answers: "Referees","correct":false,"count":"525"
Answers: "League executive","correct":false,"count":"228"}]
Answers: "Harrison Bader","correct":true,"count":"421"
Answers: "Shohei Ohtani","correct":false,"count":"2,549"
Answers: "Gleyber Torres","correct":false,"count":"647"}]
Answers: "UConn","correct":false,"count":"313"
Answers: "Texas A&M","correct":true,"count":"811"
Answers: "Georgia","correct":false,"count":"291"}]
Answers: "Norway","correct":false,"count":"225"
Answers: "Mexico","correct":true,"count":"410"
Answers: "China","correct":false,"count":"217"}]
Answers: "Pearls","correct":true,"count":"358,225"
Answers: "Frank Ocean albums","correct":false,"count":"1,643"
Answers: "Skittles","correct":false,"count":"1,162"}]
Answers: "Crust","correct":true,"count":"352,588"
Answers: "Sauce","correct":false,"count":"1,039"
Answers: "Cheese","correct":false,"count":"836"}]
Answers: "Brain","correct":false,"count":"1,707"
Answers: "Heart","correct":false,"count":"2,812"
Answers: "Stomach","correct":true,"count":"345,372"}]
Answers: "Prunes","correct":false,"count":"63,009"
Answers: "Peanuts","correct":true,"count":"262,143"
Answers: "Popcorn","correct":false,"count":"12,478"}]
Answers: "Mark Twain","correct":false,"count":"53,299"
Answers: "Herman Melville","correct":false,"count":"65,300"
Answers: "Charles Dickens","correct":true,"count":"136,698"}]
Answers: "French fries","correct":true,"count":"70,802"
Answers: "Baked beans","correct":false,"count":"29,423"
Answers: "Cheese curds","correct":false,"count":"38,854"}]
Answers: "Vanity Fair","correct":false,"count":"21,434"
Answers: "Vogue","correct":true,"count":"33,893"
Answers: "The New Yorker","correct":false,"count":"17,343"}]
Answers: "Asterisk","correct":false,"count":"8,186"
Answers: "Comma","correct":true,"count":"20,156"
Answers: "Pound sign","correct":false,"count":"6,902"}]
Answers: "Richard","correct":false,"count":"7,381"
Answers: "William","correct":false,"count":"5,225"
Answers: "Philip","correct":true,"count":"8,963"}]
Answers: "Quartz","correct":false,"count":"4,970"
Answers: "Emerald","correct":false,"count":"2,891"
Answers: "Jade","correct":true,"count":"3,825"}]
Answers: "Rum Punch","correct":true,"count":"2,756"
Answers: "The Talented Mr. Ripley","correct":false,"count":"1,653"
Answers: "The Maltese Falcon","correct":false,"count":"923"}]
Answers: "Blink-182","correct":true,"count":"711"
Answers: "The Flaming Lips","correct":false,"count":"621"
Answers: "Smashing Pumpkins","correct":false,"count":"1,682"}]
Answers: "Spin cycle","correct":true,"count":"615,365"
Answers: "News cycle","correct":false,"count":"1,588"
Answers: "Creamsicle","correct":false,"count":"1,058"}]
Answers: "Bamboo","correct":true,"count":"605,578"
Answers: "Beef","correct":false,"count":"1,294"
Answers: "Blueberries","correct":false,"count":"3,620"}]
Answers: "Hans Gruber","correct":false,"count":"76,685"
Answers: "Paul Blart","correct":false,"count":"56,531"
Answers: "Napoleon Dynamite","correct":true,"count":"465,151"}]
Answers: "Shaggy","correct":true,"count":"300,377"
Answers: "Scooby","correct":false,"count":"91,136"
Answers: "Scrappy-Doo","correct":false,"count":"65,451"}]
Answers: "Slumgum","correct":true,"count":"126,750"
Answers: "Jimjam","correct":false,"count":"110,372"
Answers: "Jubjub","correct":false,"count":"72,104"}]
Answers: "Michael Jordan","correct":false,"count":"47,487"
Answers: "Larry Bird","correct":false,"count":"31,775"
Answers: "Magic Johnson","correct":true,"count":"60,481"}]
Answers: "Seersucker","correct":true,"count":"21,626"
Answers: "Muslin","correct":false,"count":"36,207"
Answers: "Corduroy","correct":false,"count":"11,641"}]
Answers: "Jordache","correct":true,"count":"12,480"
Answers: "Levi’s","correct":false,"count":"4,831"
Answers: "Bugle Boys","correct":false,"count":"11,033"}]
Answers: "Blue Confusion","correct":false,"count":"2,528"
Answers: "Red Delicious","correct":true,"count":"531,441"
Answers: "Orange Disaster","correct":false,"count":"2,679"}]
Answers: "Johnny Carson","correct":false,"count":"37,191"
Answers: "Larry Sanders","correct":false,"count":"38,573"
Answers: "Jimmy Kimmel","correct":true,"count":"447,543"}]
Answers: "Birds’ nests","correct":true,"count":"141,782"
Answers: "Fried noodles","correct":false,"count":"187,470"
Answers: "Shredded cabbage","correct":false,"count":"108,442"}]
Answers: "Octagon","correct":false,"count":"4,193"
Answers: "Trapezoid","correct":false,"count":"4,790"
Answers: "Pyramid","correct":true,"count":"141,524"}]
Answers: "Cul-de-sac","correct":true,"count":"117,275"
Answers: "Joie de vivre","correct":false,"count":"17,354"
Answers: "Au revoir","correct":false,"count":"6,589"}]
Answers: "Westminster Cathedral","correct":false,"count":"3,492"
Answers: "Notre-Dame","correct":false,"count":"5,323"
Answers: "Sistine Chapel","correct":true,"count":"109,185"}]
Answers: "Meryl Streep","correct":false,"count":"7,748"
Answers: "Al Pacino","correct":false,"count":"9,529"
Answers: "Robert De Niro","correct":true,"count":"92,016"}]
Answers: "German","correct":false,"count":"36,841"
Answers: "Dutch","correct":true,"count":"50,095"
Answers: "Pennsylvania Dutch","correct":false,"count":"6,402"}]
Answers: "Phish","correct":true,"count":"18,179"
Answers: "Pearl Jam","correct":false,"count":"13,336"
Answers: "Rolling Stones","correct":false,"count":"24,636"}]
Answers: "Elmo","correct":false,"count":"1,451"
Answers: "Bert","correct":false,"count":"12,706"
Answers: "Cookie Monster","correct":true,"count":"9,617"}]
Answers: "Japan","correct":false,"count":"379"
Answers: "China","correct":true,"count":"7,292"
Answers: "Mongolia","correct":false,"count":"3,981"}]
Answers: "Octopuses","correct":false,"count":"4,064"
Answers: "Octopi","correct":false,"count":"2,192"
Answers: "Octopodes","correct":true,"count":"1,386"}]
Answers: "Texarkana Johnson","correct":false,"count":"6,686"
Answers: "Indiana Jones","correct":true,"count":"651,088"
Answers: "Canada Gord","correct":false,"count":"3,741"}]
Answers: "Bingo","correct":true,"count":"594,901"
Answers: "Twister","correct":false,"count":"24,634"
Answers: "Monopoly","correct":false,"count":"18,489"}]
Answers: "Headmaster","correct":true,"count":"590,959"
Answers: "Ticketmaster","correct":false,"count":"1,246"
Answers: "Postmaster","correct":false,"count":"1,789"}]
Answers: "United Nations","correct":true,"count":"485,963"
Answers: "Interpol","correct":false,"count":"44,965"
Answers: "World Bank","correct":false,"count":"52,480"}]
Answers: "Protons","correct":false,"count":"121,457"
Answers: "Electrons","correct":true,"count":"297,689"
Answers: "Neutrons","correct":false,"count":"67,419"}]
Answers: "Rat","correct":false,"count":"26,343"
Answers: "Rabbit","correct":false,"count":"22,679"
Answers: "Duck","correct":true,"count":"259,475"}]
Answers: "Nirvana","correct":false,"count":"187,745"
Answers: "Karma","correct":false,"count":"23,307"
Answers: "Bardo","correct":true,"count":"49,270"}]
Answers: "Trains","correct":true,"count":"47,756"
Answers: "Planes","correct":false,"count":"11,704"
Answers: "Automobiles","correct":false,"count":"10,804"}]
Answers: "North America","correct":true,"count":"17,150"
Answers: "Asia","correct":false,"count":"21,426"
Answers: "South America","correct":false,"count":"11,197"}]
Answers: "Tesla","correct":false,"count":"3,365"
Answers: "Virgin","correct":false,"count":"16,928"
Answers: "Amazon","correct":true,"count":"873"}]
Answers: "The Joy of Painting","correct":false,"count":"861"
Answers: "Blue’s Clues","correct":true,"count":"2,204"
Answers: "Bill Nye the Science Guy","correct":false,"count":"1,369"}]
Answers: "Clink","correct":true,"count":"1,370"
Answers: "Hoosegow","correct":false,"count":"556"
Answers: "Slammer","correct":false,"count":"335"}]
Answers: "France","correct":false,"count":"195"
Answers: "Belgium","correct":false,"count":"86"
Answers: "The Netherlands","correct":true,"count":"1,107"}]
Answers: "Plug / feather","correct":true,"count":"401"
Answers: "Claw / fur","correct":false,"count":"171"
Answers: "Tooth / cotton","correct":false,"count":"528"}]
Answers: "iPad","correct":false,"count":"65"
Answers: "Zune","correct":false,"count":"47"
Answers: "Gmail","correct":true,"count":"281"}]
Answers: "Unicycle","correct":false,"count":"21,243"
Answers: "Yacht","correct":false,"count":"2,598"
Answers: "Cable car","correct":true,"count":"396,896"}]
Answers: "Alabama","correct":false,"count":"11,804"
Answers: "Massachusetts","correct":true,"count":"379,917"
Answers: "New Mexico","correct":false,"count":"3,064"}]
Answers: "Brown","correct":false,"count":"1,524"
Answers: "Red","correct":false,"count":"9,324"
Answers: "Orange","correct":true,"count":"366,073"}]
Answers: "Yosemite Sam","correct":false,"count":"58,965"
Answers: "Sylvester","correct":true,"count":"207,386"
Answers: "Daffy Duck","correct":false,"count":"92,103"}]
Answers: "Bicentennial","correct":true,"count":"182,716"
Answers: "Centennial","correct":false,"count":"27,128"
Answers: "Semicentennial","correct":false,"count":"5,484"}]
Answers: "Vampire","correct":false,"count":"49,741"
Answers: "Gargoyle","correct":true,"count":"105,818"
Answers: "Zombie","correct":false,"count":"20,301"}]
Answers: "Galileo Galilei","correct":true,"count":"80,253"
Answers: "Edmond Halley","correct":false,"count":"16,846"
Answers: "William Herschel","correct":false,"count":"13,792"}]
Answers: "Icosahedron","correct":true,"count":"9,610"
Answers: "Octahedron","correct":false,"count":"41,792"
Answers: "Dodecahedron","correct":false,"count":"26,492"}]
Answers: "Broadband service","correct":false,"count":"4,079"
Answers: "Country name","correct":true,"count":"4,698"
Answers: "Social network","correct":false,"count":"10,164"}]
Answers: "Separated by a comma","correct":false,"count":"938"
Answers: "Modifies a verb","correct":false,"count":"355"
Answers: "Can be its own sentence","correct":true,"count":"4,407"}]
Answers: "Norway","correct":true,"count":"3,358"
Answers: "Switzerland","correct":false,"count":"550"
Answers: "Austria","correct":false,"count":"597"}]
Answers: "Like a Rolling Stone","correct":false,"count":"969"
Answers: "My Shot","correct":false,"count":"647"
Answers: "Backseat Freestyle","correct":true,"count":"1,803"}]
Answers: "Idris Elba","correct":false,"count":"3,333"
Answers: "Incubus","correct":false,"count":"6,876"
Answers: "Imagery","correct":true,"count":"266,522"}]
Answers: "Sunsetting","correct":true,"count":"190,392"
Answers: "Swaddling","correct":false,"count":"24,360"
Answers: "Showrooming","correct":false,"count":"45,133"}]
Answers: "EZTYPE","correct":false,"count":"16,387"
Answers: "NORML","correct":false,"count":"19,688"
Answers: "BASIC","correct":true,"count":"154,744"}]
Answers: "Pong","correct":false,"count":"74,918"
Answers: "Q*bert","correct":false,"count":"33,308"
Answers: "Breakout","correct":true,"count":"43,099"}]
Answers: "Taser","correct":true,"count":"13,546"
Answers: "Roomba","correct":false,"count":"18,659"
Answers: "Keurig","correct":false,"count":"15,116"}]
Answers: "Silicon","correct":false,"count":"576"
Answers: "Lithium","correct":true,"count":"14,986"
Answers: "Silver","correct":false,"count":"587"}]
Answers: "USB","correct":false,"count":"1,861"
Answers: "Command key","correct":false,"count":"4,199"
Answers: "Power button","correct":true,"count":"8,817"}]
Answers: "Dustbuster","correct":true,"count":"3,321"
Answers: "Electric toothbrush","correct":false,"count":"4,360"
Answers: "Milk frother","correct":false,"count":"1,496"}]
Answers: "Transfer","correct":false,"count":"1,034"
Answers: "Transmission","correct":true,"count":"2,756"
Answers: "Traffic","correct":false,"count":"327"}]
Answers: "Unplugging the internet","correct":true,"count":"1,389"
Answers: "Catfishing the hacker","correct":false,"count":"742"
Answers: "Beating a video game","correct":false,"count":"662"}]
Answers: "Hive","correct":true,"count":"162"
Answers: "Troll","correct":false,"count":"455"
Answers: "Bug","correct":false,"count":"1,053"}]
Answers: "Bitcoin Private","correct":false,"count":"94"
Answers: "Bitcoin Now","correct":true,"count":"250"
Answers: "Bitcoin Diamond","correct":false,"count":"132"}]
Answers: "Passenger pigeon","correct":false,"count":"4,968"
Answers: "Dodo","correct":false,"count":"6,482"
Answers: "Wooly mammoth","correct":true,"count":"397,324"}]
Answers: "Mouseton","correct":false,"count":"9,080"
Answers: "Bat-mon","correct":false,"count":"4,566"
Answers: "Baton","correct":true,"count":"379,687"}]
Answers: "Cholesterol","correct":true,"count":"367,940"
Answers: "Muscles","correct":false,"count":"3,694"
Answers: "Tolerance for pain","correct":false,"count":"3,668"}]
Answers: "Vibrancy","correct":false,"count":"18,832"
Answers: "Luminosity","correct":true,"count":"316,133"
Answers: "Ambiance","correct":false,"count":"29,818"}]
Answers: "Saw","correct":true,"count":"205,714"
Answers: "Final Destination","correct":false,"count":"85,884"
Answers: "Step Up","correct":false,"count":"22,123"}]
Answers: "Apl.de.ap","correct":false,"count":"59,701"
Answers: "Taboo","correct":false,"count":"43,869"
Answers: "2Risk","correct":true,"count":"103,150"}]
Answers: "Gobi","correct":true,"count":"41,513"
Answers: "Mojave","correct":false,"count":"22,138"
Answers: "Sahara","correct":false,"count":"34,091"}]
Answers: "Upper Volta","correct":true,"count":"15,342"
Answers: "Low Holland","correct":false,"count":"10,151"
Answers: "Inner Mongolia","correct":false,"count":"19,889"}]
Answers: "Bono","correct":false,"count":"6,068"
Answers: "Dave Grohl","correct":true,"count":"8,728"
Answers: "Billie Joe Armstrong","correct":false,"count":"3,283"}]
Answers: "Brit","correct":false,"count":"3,167"
Answers: "London","correct":false,"count":"3,949"
Answers: "Prorsum","correct":true,"count":"2,891"}]
Answers: "Mexican-American War","correct":true,"count":"1,266"
Answers: "Crimean War","correct":false,"count":"1,799"
Answers: "Spanish-American War","correct":false,"count":"1,009"}]
Answers: "Katniss Everdeen","correct":false,"count":"386"
Answers: "Jack Reacher","correct":true,"count":"648"
Answers: "Jason Bourne","correct":false,"count":"561"}]
Answers: "Practice","correct":true,"count":"127,959"
Answers: "Pretzels","correct":false,"count":"7,863"
Answers: "Prosthetics","correct":false,"count":"8,367"}]
Answers: "Powder room","correct":false,"count":"458"
Answers: "Wood shed","correct":false,"count":"838"
Answers: "Red zone","correct":true,"count":"125,930"}]
Answers: "NHL","correct":true,"count":"102,263"
Answers: "NBA","correct":false,"count":"11,717"
Answers: "MLB","correct":false,"count":"8,382"}]
Answers: "Causing a turnover","correct":true,"count":"62,735"
Answers: "Scoring a touchdown","correct":false,"count":"25,491"
Answers: "Naming a team captain","correct":false,"count":"4,398"}]
Answers: "Matt Carpenter","correct":false,"count":"13,908"
Answers: "Kendrys Morales","correct":true,"count":"28,411"
Answers: "Ronald Acuna","correct":false,"count":"20,515"}]
Answers: "Rush","correct":false,"count":"2,600"
Answers: "Results","correct":false,"count":"2,899"
Answers: "Reception","correct":true,"count":"24,020"}]
Answers: "Exploding records","correct":true,"count":"7,964"
Answers: "Gophers","correct":false,"count":"10,858"
Answers: "Marching band","correct":false,"count":"3,655"}]
Answers: "Thurman Thomas","correct":false,"count":"418"
Answers: "Andy Dalton","correct":true,"count":"6,333"
Answers: "Jim Kelly","correct":false,"count":"3,330"}]
Answers: "Angelique Kerber","correct":true,"count":"1,169"
Answers: "Caroline Wozniacki","correct":false,"count":"1,828"
Answers: "Venus Williams","correct":false,"count":"3,489"}]
Answers: "South Korea","correct":true,"count":"1,804"
Answers: "Japan","correct":false,"count":"155"
Answers: "United States","correct":false,"count":"36"}]
Answers: "Daytona, Florida","correct":true,"count":"318"
Answers: "Talladega, Alabama","correct":false,"count":"1,006"
Answers: "Speedway, Indiana","correct":false,"count":"472"}]
Answers: "The Masters","correct":false,"count":"68"
Answers: "MLB All-Star Game","correct":true,"count":"336"
Answers: "Super Bowl","correct":false,"count":"72"}]
Answers: "Clouds","correct":false,"count":"2,591"
Answers: "Ranch dressing","correct":false,"count":"1,357"
Answers: "Water","correct":true,"count":"246,343"}]
Answers: "Big top","correct":true,"count":"225,186"
Answers: "Sky sheet","correct":false,"count":"11,561"
Answers: "Freaky umbrella","correct":false,"count":"6,475"}]
Answers: "Lead","correct":false,"count":"107,645"
Answers: "Fire","correct":false,"count":"34,416"
Answers: "Clay","correct":true,"count":"77,244"}]
Answers: "$10","correct":true,"count":"27,447"
Answers: "$100","correct":false,"count":"14,093"
Answers: "$2","correct":false,"count":"36,547"}]
Answers: "Romeo and Juliet","correct":true,"count":"23,152"
Answers: "Othello","correct":false,"count":"3,295"
Answers: "Macbeth","correct":false,"count":"3,258"}]
Answers: "Cilantro","correct":true,"count":"14,661"
Answers: "Chives","correct":false,"count":"1,859"
Answers: "Caraway","correct":false,"count":"6,882"}]
Answers: "Auxiliary","correct":true,"count":"8,376"
Answers: "Axial","correct":false,"count":"1,186"
Answers: "Appendicular","correct":false,"count":"5,418"}]
Answers: "Cribbage","correct":false,"count":"924"
Answers: "Euchre","correct":true,"count":"6,240"
Answers: "Gin rummy","correct":false,"count":"1,745"}]
Answers: "Pride and Prejudice","correct":true,"count":"5,260"
Answers: "Jane Eyre","correct":false,"count":"519"
Answers: "Wuthering Heights","correct":false,"count":"679"}]
Answers: "I Wanna Be Your Man","correct":true,"count":"2,141"
Answers: "19th Nervous Breakdown","correct":false,"count":"565"
Answers: "Heart of Stone","correct":false,"count":"2,559"}]
Answers: "Sleeveless shirts","correct":false,"count":"687"
Answers: "Soccer cleats","correct":false,"count":"474"
Answers: "Shorts","correct":true,"count":"1,925"}]
Answers: "Nebraska","correct":true,"count":"1,260"
Answers: "Oklahoma","correct":false,"count":"451"
Answers: "Colorado","correct":false,"count":"310"}]
Answers: "Sloth in the Slagheap","correct":false,"count":"3,505"
Answers: "Anteater in the Alley","correct":false,"count":"4,658"
Answers: "Monkey in the Middle","correct":true,"count":"360,943"}]
Answers: "Mayflower neck","correct":false,"count":"58,172"
Answers: "Boatneck","correct":true,"count":"272,369"
Answers: "Lil Yachty neck","correct":false,"count":"3,112"}]
Answers: "Oklahoma","correct":false,"count":"39,835"
Answers: "New York","correct":true,"count":"147,392"
Answers: "Indiana","correct":false,"count":"80,794"}]
Answers: "Courthouse","correct":false,"count":"1,565"
Answers: "Amphitheatre","correct":true,"count":"147,724"
Answers: "Palace","correct":false,"count":"2,390"}]
Answers: "Reptiles","correct":false,"count":"62,708"
Answers: "Amphibians","correct":false,"count":"54,209"
Answers: "Mammals","correct":true,"count":"28,973"}]
Answers: "Outstanding Picture","correct":true,"count":"19,824"
Answers: "Work of Regard","correct":false,"count":"5,722"
Answers: "Best Production","correct":false,"count":"10,162"}]
Answers: "Dwight D. Eisenhower","correct":false,"count":"1,939"
Answers: "John F. Kennedy","correct":false,"count":"14,985"
Answers: "Lyndon B. Johnson","correct":true,"count":"3,620"}]
Answers: "Germany","correct":false,"count":"576"
Answers: "Austria","correct":false,"count":"3,074"
Answers: "Neither","correct":true,"count":"1,456"}]
Answers: "Red bean paste","correct":false,"count":"781"
Answers: "Mochi","correct":false,"count":"365"
Answers: "Shaved ice","correct":true,"count":"605"}]
Answers: "Cinderella","correct":false,"count":"128"
Answers: "Beauty and the Beast","correct":false,"count":"348"
Answers: "Pinocchio","correct":true,"count":"249"}]
Answers: "Fiji","correct":false,"count":"68"
Answers: "Samoa","correct":false,"count":"89"
Answers: "Guam","correct":true,"count":"122"}]
Answers: "Golden State Warriors","correct":false,"count":"25"
Answers: "Miami Heat","correct":false,"count":"61"
Answers: "Los Angeles Lakers","correct":true,"count":"50"}]
Answers: "The sky","correct":true,"count":"239,751"
Answers: "Beneath the waves","correct":false,"count":"1,123"
Answers: "Inside a wizard’s sleeve","correct":false,"count":"823"}]
Answers: "Microscope","correct":false,"count":"5,964"
Answers: "Gyroscope","correct":false,"count":"13,763"
Answers: "Periscope","correct":true,"count":"216,316"}]
Answers: "Mercury","correct":true,"count":"200,430"
Answers: "Cadmium","correct":false,"count":"3,254"
Answers: "Magnesium","correct":false,"count":"10,612"}]
Answers: "New Zealand","correct":true,"count":"119,992"
Answers: "Tasmania","correct":false,"count":"47,518"
Answers: "Mauritius","correct":false,"count":"30,624"}]
Answers: "Etouffee","correct":false,"count":"23,044"
Answers: "Sauce Allemande","correct":true,"count":"83,259"
Answers: "Andouille","correct":false,"count":"14,496"}]
Answers: "Ibex","correct":false,"count":"40,878"
Answers: "Bull","correct":false,"count":"3,588"
Answers: "Antelope","correct":true,"count":"39,740"}]
Answers: "Sitcom","correct":false,"count":"13,939"
Answers: "News","correct":false,"count":"16,625"
Answers: "Talk show","correct":true,"count":"10,152"}]
Answers: "Dollar Tree","correct":false,"count":"5,874"
Answers: "7-Eleven","correct":true,"count":"5,701"
Answers: "Staples","correct":false,"count":"2,313"}]
Answers: "No land borders","correct":true,"count":"2,323"
Answers: "Dries out in summer","correct":false,"count":"3,177"
Answers: "Salt water","correct":false,"count":"863"}]
Answers: "The Meaning of Liff","correct":true,"count":"1,237"
Answers: "Mostly Harmless","correct":false,"count":"1,037"
Answers: "And Another Thing...","correct":false,"count":"559"}]
Answers: "Tank","correct":true,"count":"692"
Answers: "Race car","correct":false,"count":"219"
Answers: "Spaceship","correct":false,"count":"555"}]
Answers: "Dr. Sattler","correct":false,"count":"232"
Answers: "Muldoon","correct":true,"count":"219"
Answers: "Dr. Grant","correct":false,"count":"312"}]
Answers: "Internet trolls","correct":false,"count":"1,143"
Answers: "Dinosaurs","correct":true,"count":"448,098"
Answers: "The Olsen twins","correct":false,"count":"677"}]
Answers: "Ghostbusters","correct":true,"count":"444,188"
Answers: "Crop dusters","correct":false,"count":"838"
Answers: "Claims adjusters","correct":false,"count":"380"}]
Answers: "Casino","correct":false,"count":"78,008"
Answers: "Gotti","correct":true,"count":"232,328"
Answers: "Goodfellas","correct":false,"count":"127,353"}]
Answers: "Star Wars","correct":true,"count":"98,644"
Answers: "2001: A Space Odyssey","correct":false,"count":"92,893"
Answers: "Alien","correct":false,"count":"46,103"}]
Answers: "Batman v Superman","correct":true,"count":"38,577"
Answers: "Good Will Hunting","correct":false,"count":"44,609"
Answers: "Justice League","correct":false,"count":"29,029"}]
Answers: "Sleeping Beauty","correct":true,"count":"26,452"
Answers: "The Little Mermaid","correct":false,"count":"13,102"
Answers: "Snow White","correct":false,"count":"6,334"}]
Answers: "Leonardo DiCaprio","correct":false,"count":"16,115"
Answers: "Julia Roberts","correct":false,"count":"4,148"
Answers: "Jodie Foster","correct":true,"count":"7,550"}]
Answers: "We’re all mad here","correct":false,"count":"4,022"
Answers: "Everyone’s a bit mad","correct":false,"count":"3,084"
Answers: "Most everyone’s mad here","correct":true,"count":"2,048"}]
Answers: "Sex and the City","correct":true,"count":"828"
Answers: "Freaky Friday","correct":false,"count":"821"
Answers: "Kate and Leopold","correct":false,"count":"1,266"}]
Answers: "Con Air","correct":true,"count":"560"
Answers: "The Rock","correct":false,"count":"254"
Answers: "Armageddon","correct":false,"count":"242"}]
Answers: "The Devil Wears Prada","correct":false,"count":"107"
Answers: "Miss Congeniality","correct":true,"count":"350"
Answers: "Pretty Woman","correct":false,"count":"136"}]
Answers: "Greed is really good","correct":false,"count":"70"
Answers: "Greed is great","correct":false,"count":"73"
Answers: "Greed is right","correct":true,"count":"205"}]
Answers: "Harmonica","correct":false,"count":"2,767"
Answers: "Saxophone","correct":false,"count":"1,862"
Answers: "Violin","correct":true,"count":"376,597"}]
Answers: "Andy Warhol","correct":false,"count":"100,091"
Answers: "Peter Paul Rubens","correct":true,"count":"195,599"
Answers: "Banksy","correct":false,"count":"53,892"}]
Answers: "Nixon’s resignation","correct":false,"count":"9,308"
Answers: "Gettysburg Address","correct":false,"count":"32,605"
Answers: "I Have a Dream","correct":true,"count":"155,876"}]
Answers: "Bamboo","correct":true,"count":"127,190"
Answers: "Giant sequoia","correct":false,"count":"10,166"
Answers: "Sunflower","correct":false,"count":"19,317"}]
Answers: "Rhode Island","correct":false,"count":"24,806"
Answers: "New Hampshire","correct":true,"count":"47,657"
Answers: "Connecticut","correct":false,"count":"39,669"}]
Answers: "Oscar","correct":true,"count":"26,013"
Answers: "Ernie","correct":false,"count":"13,682"
Answers: "Gordon","correct":false,"count":"12,786"}]
Answers: "Different sauce","correct":false,"count":"9,275"
Answers: "Subtracts the muffin","correct":false,"count":"4,829"
Answers: "Swaps in a vegetable","correct":true,"count":"13,644"}]
Answers: "Bromide","correct":false,"count":"2,554"
Answers: "Barium","correct":true,"count":"11,171"
Answers: "Freon","correct":false,"count":"982"}]
Answers: "Joust","correct":false,"count":"3,429"
Answers: "Ghouls ’N Ghosts","correct":true,"count":"6,550"
Answers: "Track & Field","correct":false,"count":"1,611"}]
Answers: "DP","correct":true,"count":"4,718"
Answers: "LP","correct":false,"count":"1,738"
Answers: "SP","correct":false,"count":"854"}]
Answers: "John Travolta","correct":false,"count":"1,756"
Answers: "Rob Schneider","correct":false,"count":"1,022"
Answers: "Adam Sandler","correct":true,"count":"2,278"}]
Answers: "Make Ahab younger","correct":false,"count":"510"
Answers: "Lose the whale","correct":true,"count":"1,957"
Answers: "Have female narrator","correct":false,"count":"235"}]
Answers: "Reverse","correct":false,"count":"1,204"
Answers: "Neutral","correct":false,"count":"1,210"
Answers: "Drive","correct":true,"count":"122,309"}]
Answers: "Clothes","correct":false,"count":"1,117"
Answers: "Time","correct":true,"count":"101,000"
Answers: "Quarters","correct":false,"count":"18,143"}]
Answers: "Peyton Manning","correct":false,"count":"18,142"
Answers: "Ray Lewis","correct":false,"count":"5,941"
Answers: "JJ Watt","correct":true,"count":"75,707"}]
Answers: "BYU","correct":true,"count":"60,451"
Answers: "Stanford","correct":false,"count":"9,042"
Answers: "Notre Dame","correct":false,"count":"6,118"}]
Answers: "UNC","correct":true,"count":"27,455"
Answers: "Michigan","correct":false,"count":"11,872"
Answers: "Duke","correct":false,"count":"20,548"}]
Answers: "Wimbledon","correct":false,"count":"12,749"
Answers: "French Open","correct":false,"count":"7,317"
Answers: "US Open","correct":true,"count":"9,169"}]
Answers: "Orioles","correct":true,"count":"5,220"
Answers: "Red Sox","correct":false,"count":"3,140"
Answers: "Yankees","correct":false,"count":"2,405"}]
Answers: "LaDainian Tomlinson","correct":false,"count":"1,874"
Answers: "Calvin Johnson","correct":false,"count":"483"
Answers: "Adrian Peterson","correct":true,"count":"3,292"}]
Answers: "Slider","correct":true,"count":"1,611"
Answers: "Splitter","correct":false,"count":"1,141"
Answers: "Knuckle curve","correct":false,"count":"869"}]
Answers: "Basketball","correct":false,"count":"147"
Answers: "Badminton","correct":true,"count":"499"
Answers: "Golf","correct":false,"count":"1,258"}]
Answers: "Henrik Lundqvist","correct":false,"count":"224"
Answers: "Roberto Luongo","correct":true,"count":"350"
Answers: "Marc-André Fleury","correct":false,"count":"177"}]
Answers: "Kareem Abdul-Jabbar","correct":true,"count":"171"
Answers: "Kevin Garnett","correct":false,"count":"126"
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Art","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Educational","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Literature ","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science ","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Fine Arts","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Math","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Food & Drink","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Fashion","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Language","
Category: "category":"Civics","
Category: "category":"Entertainment","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Culture","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Business","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"History","
Category: "category":"Nature","
Category: "category":"Geography","
Category: "category":"TV","
Category: "category":"Cuisine","
Category: "category":"Science","
Category: "category":"Games","
Category: "category":"Tech","
Category: "category":"Movies","
Category: "category":"Literature","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Sports","
Category: "category":"Music","
Category: "category":"Art & Design","
Category: "category":"History","
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":true
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Savage "savage":false
Dates: 2018-05-08/1
Dates: 2018-05-09/1
Dates: 2018-05-09/2
Dates: 2018-05-10/1
Dates: 2018-05-10/2
Dates: 2018-05-11/1
Dates: 2018-05-11/2
Dates: 2018-05-12/1
Dates: 2018-05-13/1
Dates: 2018-05-14/1
Dates: 2018-05-14/2
Dates: 2018-05-14/3
Dates: 2018-05-15/1
Dates: 2018-05-15/2
Dates: 2018-05-16/1
Dates: 2018-05-16/2
Dates: 2018-05-17/1
Dates: 2018-05-17/2
Dates: 2018-05-18/1
Dates: 2018-05-18/2
Dates: 2018-05-19/1
Dates: 2018-05-20/1
Dates: 2018-05-20/2
Dates: 2018-05-21/1
Dates: 2018-05-21/2
Dates: 2018-05-22/1
Dates: 2018-05-22/2
Dates: 2018-05-23/1
Dates: 2018-05-23/2
Dates: 2018-05-24/1
Dates: 2018-05-24/2
Dates: 2018-05-25/1
Dates: 2018-05-25/2
Dates: 2018-05-27/1
Dates: 2018-05-27/2
Dates: 2018-05-28/1
Dates: 2018-05-29/1
Dates: 2018-05-29/2
Dates: 2018-05-30/1
Dates: 2018-05-30/2
Dates: 2018-05-31/1
Dates: 2018-05-31/2
Dates: 2018-05-31/3
Dates: 2018-06-01/1
Dates: 2018-06-01/2
Dates: 2018-06-03/1
Dates: 2018-06-03/2
Dates: 2018-06-04/1
Dates: 2018-06-04/2
Dates: 2018-06-05/1
Dates: 2018-06-05/2
Dates: 2018-06-06/1
Dates: 2018-06-06/2
Dates: 2018-06-07/1
Dates: 2018-06-07/2
Dates: 2018-06-08/1
Dates: 2018-06-08/2
Dates: 2018-06-10/1
Dates: 2018-06-10/2
Dates: 2018-06-11/1
Dates: 2018-06-11/2
Dates: 2018-06-11/3
Dates: 2018-06-12/1
Dates: 2018-06-12/2
Dates: 2018-06-13/1
Dates: 2018-06-13/2
Dates: 2018-06-14/1
Dates: 2018-06-14/2
Dates: 2018-06-14/3
Dates: 2018-06-15/1
Dates: 2018-06-15/2
Dates: 2018-06-16/1
Dates: 2018-06-17/1
Dates: 2018-06-18/1
Dates: 2018-06-18/2
Dates: 2018-06-18/3
Dates: 2018-06-19/1
Dates: 2018-06-19/2
Dates: 2018-06-20/1
Dates: 2018-06-20/2
Dates: 2018-06-21/1
Dates: 2018-06-21/2
Dates: 2018-06-22/1
Dates: 2018-06-22/2
Dates: 2018-06-22/3
Dates: 2018-06-23/1
Dates: 2018-06-24/1
Dates: 2018-06-25/1
Dates: 2018-06-25/2
Dates: 2018-06-26/1
Dates: 2018-06-26/2
Dates: 2018-06-26/3
Dates: 2018-06-26/4
Dates: 2018-06-27/1
Dates: 2018-06-27/2
Dates: 2018-06-27/3
Dates: 2018-06-28/1
Dates: 2018-06-28/2
Dates: 2018-06-28/3
Dates: 2018-06-29/1
Dates: 2018-06-29/2
Dates: 2018-06-29/3
Dates: 2018-06-29/4
Dates: 2018-06-30/1
Dates: 2018-06-30/2
Dates: 2018-07-01/1
Dates: 2018-07-02/1
Dates: 2018-07-02/2
Dates: 2018-07-03/1
Dates: 2018-07-03/2
Dates: 2018-07-03/3
Dates: 2018-07-04/1
Dates: 2018-07-04/2
Dates: 2018-07-04/3
Dates: 2018-07-05/1
Dates: 2018-07-05/2
Dates: 2018-07-06/1
Dates: 2018-07-06/2
Dates: 2018-07-06/3
Dates: 2018-07-07/1
Dates: 2018-07-07/2
Dates: 2018-07-08/1
Dates: 2018-07-09/1
Dates: 2018-07-09/2
Dates: 2018-07-10/1
Dates: 2018-07-10/2
Dates: 2018-07-10/3
Dates: 2018-07-11/1
Dates: 2018-07-11/2
Dates: 2018-07-11/3
Dates: 2018-07-12/1
Dates: 2018-07-12/2
Dates: 2018-07-12/3
Dates: 2018-07-13/1
Dates: 2018-07-13/2
Dates: 2018-07-13/3
Dates: 2018-07-14/1
Dates: 2018-07-14/2
Dates: 2018-07-15/1
Dates: 2018-07-15/2
Dates: 2018-07-16/1
Dates: 2018-07-16/2
Dates: 2018-07-17/1
Dates: 2018-07-17/2
Dates: 2018-07-17/3
Dates: 2018-07-17/4
Dates: 2018-07-18/1
Dates: 2018-07-18/2
Dates: 2018-07-19/1
Dates: 2018-07-19/2
Dates: 2018-07-20/1
Dates: 2018-07-20/2
Dates: 2018-07-20/3
Dates: 2018-07-21/1
Dates: 2018-07-22/1
Dates: 2018-07-23/1
Dates: 2018-07-23/2
Dates: 2018-07-24/1
Dates: 2018-07-24/2
Dates: 2018-07-24/3
Dates: 2018-07-25/1
Dates: 2018-07-25/2
Dates: 2018-07-26/1
Dates: 2018-07-26/2
Dates: 2018-07-27/1
Dates: 2018-07-27/2
Dates: 2018-07-27/3
Dates: 2018-07-28/1
Dates: 2018-07-29/1
Dates: 2018-07-30/1
Dates: 2018-07-30/2
Dates: 2018-07-31/1
Dates: 2018-07-31/2
Dates: 2018-07-31/3
Dates: 2018-08-01/1
Dates: 2018-08-01/2
Dates: 2018-08-02/1
Dates: 2018-08-02/2
Dates: 2018-08-03/1
Dates: 2018-08-03/2
Dates: 2018-08-03/3
Dates: 2018-08-04/1
Dates: 2018-08-05/1
Dates: 2018-08-06/1
Dates: 2018-08-06/2
Dates: 2018-08-07/1
Dates: 2018-08-07/2
Dates: 2018-08-07/3
Dates: 2018-08-08/1
Dates: 2018-08-08/2
Dates: 2018-08-09/1
Dates: 2018-08-09/2
Dates: 2018-08-10/1
Dates: 2018-08-10/2
Dates: 2018-08-10/3
Dates: 2018-08-11/1
Dates: 2018-08-12/1
Dates: 2018-08-13/1
Dates: 2018-08-13/2
Dates: 2018-08-14/1
Dates: 2018-08-14/2
Dates: 2018-08-14/3
Dates: 2018-08-15/1
Dates: 2018-08-15/2
Dates: 2018-08-16/1
Dates: 2018-08-16/2
Dates: 2018-08-17/1
Dates: 2018-08-17/2
Dates: 2018-08-17/3
Dates: 2018-08-21/1
Dates: 2018-08-21/2
Dates: 2018-08-21/3
Dates: 2018-08-22/1
Dates: 2018-08-22/2
Dates: 2018-08-23/1
Dates: 2018-08-23/2
Dates: 2018-08-23/3
Dates: 2018-08-24/1
Dates: 2018-08-24/2
