"text":"Which of these is the name of a French dance famous for its high kicks ?
"text":"What is the word for a landmass like Florida that is surrounded on three sides by water ?
"text":"In 2018, who joined Savannah Guthrie to form the first all-female anchor duo on “Today” ?
"text":"Which scientist is the namesake of a “cage” that can block electromagnetic fields ?
"text":"What was the 1989 sequel to the movie “Fletch” called ?
"text":"Which of these parts of a bird is also the name of a part of a clam ?
"text":"The US pilot episode of “Yo! MTV Raps” in 1988 was hosted by what hip-hop act ?
"text":"Who reportedly got his showbiz name from the comedy section of a local newspaper ?
"text":"Anthropologist Margaret Mead is best known for a 1928 book about girls living where ?
"text":"Which of these ’80s comedies was directed by a cast member of the original “Star Trek” ?
"text":"The McGillicuddy Serious Party of New Zealand famously tried to get what animal elected to parliament ?
"text":"Which TV show features a theme song recorded by the original lead singer of Black Sabbath ?
"text":"The lyrics to a popular children’s song are “Head, shoulders, knees, and” what ?
"text":"The common casino game “twenty-one” is also known as what ?
"text":"Disbarment is the removal of the license for which type of professional ?
"text":"By definition, capri pants hit the leg at what point ?
"text":"What fancy cheese gets its name from a town in Switzerland ?
"text":"Which of these words is NOT included in the title of a “Harry Potter” book ?
"text":"On the island of Tasmania you might see what atmospheric phenomenon ?
"text":"The Chinese philosopher Laozi is considered the founder of what religion ?
"text":"What are «these» «punctuation» «marks» called ?
"text":"The PCAT, a test required for pharmacy school, specifically tests knowledge of what ?
"text":"Which magazine annually publishes a list of the Top 10 Freshman rappers ?
"text":"The Lucasfilm-developed THX theater standard debuted with what film ?
"text":"Which of these synonyms for “happy” is also the name of a horse in Norse mythology ?
"text":"What animal produces a valuable kind of excrement that was used in 17th-century ice cream ?
"text":"Which of these authors wrote a book that was adapted into an Oscar winner for Best Picture ?
"text":"For several years, the US Library of Congress kept a log of every single what ?
"text":"The city of Carlsbad, New Mexico is known for being near what geographical feature ?
"text":"Which of these is a common nickname for a person from Wisconsin ?
"text":"The “A” in the College Board’s SAT exam originally stood for what ?
"text":"A rebellion known as the Bear Flag Revolt inspired the current flag of what state ?
"text":"Cesar Chavez helped improve treatment of farm workers by encouraging a boycott of what produce ?
"text":"Which of these animal parts is NOT the name of a type of chili pepper ?
"text":"An 1846 painting by Thomas Cole is one of the first American depictions of what ?
"text":"In an Oscar-winning role, who formed a union by writing the word “UNION” on cardboard ?
"text":"In the 1980s, which of these comedians emceed a White House Correspondents’ Dinner ?
"text":"In 1620, which of these was the first name of one of the passengers on the Mayflower ?
"text":"When cheerleaders first became popular in the US, which of these terms was used to refer to them ?
"text":"The tallest player on a basketball court usually plays what position ?
"text":"Which of these machines are you likely to see during an ice hockey game ?
"text":"What player just set the record for richest contract for a defender in NFL history ?
"text":"Jessica Mendoza is the first woman to perform what job in a nationally aired postseason MLB game ?
"text":"Which college football team has a pregame tradition with a bird that lands on the 50-yard line ?
"text":"What Olympic medal did the US men’s basketball team win the last time it had an all-amateur roster ?
"text":"Who was responsible for forming the WTA to unite women’s professional tennis players ?
"text":"What college was the last before Alabama to open the season ranked No. 1 in football by the AP Poll ?
"text":"What city’s team won the Super Bowl in the last strike-shortened NFL season ?
"text":"In what league are agents allowed to take the highest percentage of their clients’ earnings ?
"text":"What team was Notre Dame playing when Knute Rockne told them to “win one for the Gipper” ?
"text":"Curt Flood helped create modern free agency when he rejected a trade to what MLB team ?
"text":"The network of computers that spans the globe is commonly known as what ?
"text":"In tech, the acronym “AR” typically refers to what ?
"text":"What game was bundled with the Nintendo Game Boy for its US launch ?
"text":"The numbers and letters of Tesla car models were selected to resemble what word ?
"text":"Which company had a third co-founder who sold all his shares for less than $1000 ?
"text":"The first known webcam was set up to monitor what ?
"text":"According to Akamai Technologies, which place currently enjoys the fastest internet service ?
"text":"Which of these celebrities is known for fronting computer coding programs for girls ?
"text":"$2100 was the asking price of the first commercially available what ?
"text":"A ’90s release of what software product contained a flight simulator as an Easter egg ?
"text":"Google had to state that Google Maps should not be used for military actions after a tense border dispute where ?
"text":"When Apple infamously code-named a ’90s computer model BHA, what did the “B” stand for ?
"text":"Which of these actors currently plays Iron Man ?
"text":"The little bumps on the tongue are called “taste” what ?
"text":"The undergarment nickname “bra” is short for what ?
"text":"Which word would you use to describe a baby porcupine ?
"text":"Which of these US states currently issues standard license plates depicting fruit ?
"text":"Wasabi served in the United States is usually made from what ?
"text":"Which of these music acts would most likely be included in the radio format “Quiet Storm” ?
"text":"In the “Star Trek” universe, which of these is NOT a typical Vulcan characteristic ?
"text":"Which of these Meg Ryan rom-coms started as a ’30s play, which became a ’40s film, then a ’60s musical ?
"text":"What is NOT one of the words spun into Charlotte’s web in the classic children’s book ?
"text":"Which country is it possible to walk to from Russia without passing through another country ?
"text":"Which of these US symbols is named in part for its coloration ?
"text":"What did Rumpelstiltskin spin into gold ?
"text":"What is the large bone in the center of the chest called ?
"text":"A Long Island Iced Tea typically does NOT contain what ?
"text":"By definition, a person who is mercurial is likely to have what ?
"text":"The fastest way to reach the Caribbean Sea from El Salvador is to travel in what direction ?
"text":"In Disney’s “Alice in Wonderland,” which accessory did Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum wear ?
"text":"An unofficial court of law that does not follow actual laws is nicknamed for what type of animal ?
"text":"Winston Churchill once planned to use what historic item to entice the US to enter World War II ?
"text":"In the 1975 film “The Rocky Horror Picture Show,” which character’s lips mouthed the opening song ?
"text":"Which of these foods does the Taj Mahal specifically call out as forbidden ?
"text":"The first commercial pedometer took its name from what ?
"text":"In the opening credits of the first season of “Full House,” Bob Saget is seen doing what ?
"text":"Which of these is an Olympic gymnastics event ?
"text":"In baseball’s American League, the position abbreviated as DH stands for “designated” what ?
"text":"Who was just announced as a face of Nike’s latest massive marketing campaign ?
"text":"Which of these leagues’ championship has NOT been won by a single franchise three years in a row ?
"text":"What all-time US soccer great just announced his retirement ?
"text":"Which of these college football teams is NOT referred to with an animal nickname ?
"text":"What is the only NFL team to have a quarterback and a running back run for 1000 yards in the same season ?
"text":"Which of these events features by far the tallest trophy ?
"text":"Which of these players has spent the fewest number of weeks at No. 1 overall in the WTA rankings ?
"text":"Which of these terms is used in horse racing to describe an inexperienced jockey ?
"text":"The first 2-point conversion in NFL history was scored by a player who primarily played what position ?
"text":"Which MLB legend has the greatest number of years between winning his first and last batting titles ?
"text":"What is the center of a storm often called ?
"text":"According to an old saying, at what rate do apples keep the doctor away ?
"text":"What classic film gave us the line, “Here’s lookin’ at you, kid” ?
"text":"The process of pasteurizing milk mainly involves what ?
"text":"Which of these board games does NOT use dice in its original version ?
"text":"Which sport is Native American in origin ?
"text":"Which of these television shows has a male lead that is a professional sportswriter ?
"text":"In which of these places can it be legal to practice polygamy ?
"text":"In addition to the Ten Commandments, what is the Ark of the Covenant said to contain ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a horse coat color ?
"text":"In the early 1600s, what kind of question mark was sometimes used to indicate a rhetorical question ?
"text":"The Beatles were once sued for their song’s similarity to one by which of these artists ?
"text":"Which of these elements is considered a precious metal ?
"text":"Which is NOT a space on a standard Scrabble board ?
"text":"From what animal do we get prosciutto ?
"text":"What does the “D” stand for in TED Talks ?
"text":"Which is the title of an actual “Scooby-Doo” TV series ?
"text":"What’s New, Scooby-Doo ?
"text":"What animal is typically on the flag that reads “Don’t Tread on Me” ?
"text":"1967’s infamous “Ice Bowl” was a championship game played where ?
"text":"What comedian famously joked that her daughter cried when she was told she was not adopted ?
"text":"Which of these British isles is NOT self-governing, but explicitly part of the UK ?
"text":"On Disneyland’s disastrous 1955 opening day, what nearly happened to Sleeping Beauty Castle ?
"text":"Which of these crime fighters appeared in print before Superman ?
"text":"The title of William Golding’s most famous novel is considered a reference to what mythical figure ?
"text":"What does the music genre “R&B” stand for ?
"text":"“Juicy,” “Hypnotize,” and “Big Poppa” are all songs by what artist ?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a world-famous Korean pop band ?
"text":"Which of these artists has released multiple albums named for her age when she wrote them ?
"text":"Guns N’ Roses guitarist Slash is known for wearing which of these accessories while performing ?
"text":"Which of these bands has a lead singer named Rivers ?
"text":"What was the name of Paula Abdul's cartoon dance partner in the video for a hit ’80s song ?
"text":"A star of what film franchise gets namechecked in OutKast’s “Hey Ya” ?
"text":"What caused the demise of Earl in the Dixie Chicks hit “Goodbye Earl” ?
"text":"Which artist wrote a song that reached No. 1 on a US Billboard chart in three consecutive decades ?
"text":"In the iconic opening shot of Queen’s “Bohemian Rhapsody” music video, which band member is on top ?
"text":"Which of these hit songs has the longest sax solo ?
"text":"Trains usually run on what structure ?
"text":"A shirt with extremely thin straps is often called what kind of top ?
"text":"Which of these instruments is usually included in a drumline ?
"text":"In “The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe,” what holiday does the White Witch keep from coming to Narnia ?
"text":"In the Hebrew Bible, King Solomon was best known for having what quality ?
"text":"Which type of energy is NOT prominently utilized in the desk ornament known as Newton’s Cradle ?
"text":"The director of which film apologized when asked about its negative reputation ?
"text":"The person said to have inspired the Uncle Sam nickname was known for providing soldiers with what ?
"text":"Which supermodel was NOT featured in George Michael’s iconic “Freedom! ’90” music video ?
"text":"Charles Darwin invented his “competing browsers theory” to explain what animal’s trademark feature ?
"text":"According to Nielsen, which of these sports has the richest fans on average ?
"text":"Which of these Spike Lee joints was co-written by a star of “The Sopranos” ?
"text":"What is the name for a decorative pillowcase ?
"text":"Fortune tellers often read what to tell the future ?
"text":"Which of these comic book characters usually wears green ?
"text":"Dr. Seuss’s Lorax character claims to specifically speak for what part of nature ?
"text":"Reflexology is a type of massage that primarily focuses on what ?
"text":"In politics, absolutism can be whittled down to what saying ?
"text":"The TV show “Sabrina the Teenage Witch” features a cat who shares his name with a city in which state ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT one of the alternate lines used in the closing theme of “Frasier” ?
"text":"Among the five pillars of Islam, which is considered the final ?
"text":"According to FiveThirtyEight, which of these is NOT one of the most banned wedding songs ?
"text":"The first actress to be paid $20 million a movie did so for a film about what ?
"text":"What is the national flower of Monaco ?
"text":"What NFL team’s fans cheer by clapping their hands and shouting “Skol” ?
"text":"Which of these birds are NOT represented by an NFL team ?
"text":"Which of these NFL teams currently plays its home games in New York ?
"text":"What NFL Hall of Famer was given the nickname “Sweetness” ?
"text":"Which country has hosted the greatest number of regular-season NFL games outside of the USA ?
"text":"Who scored the Giants’ touchdown right after the legendary “Helmet Catch” in Super Bowl XLII ?
"text":"Which of these NFL teams has an official mascot ?
"text":"Which of these players has the highest catch total in a single game ?
"text":"Which NFL team currently plays home games in the same city the team was founded in ?
"text":"What team was NOT playing in the infamous “Heidi Game” ?
"text":"Bill Walsh and quarterback Virgil Carter developed the West Coast offense on what team ?
"text":"The only unanimous All-Pro selection in the NFL last season plays what position ?
"text":"Which NFL franchise is NOT among the top three in all-time regular-season games played ?
"text":"Of these quarterbacks, which has had the highest single-season passer rating ?
"text":"In the 1940s, rival NFL teams in what state combined to form a single team ?
"text":"Which of these places has the nickname “City of Lights” ?
"text":"What artist wrote the song “Born in the USA” ?
"text":"Which of these primates typically has a tail ?
"text":"Which of these countries is NOT part of the UK ?
"text":"Which of these major US sports leagues awards a championship trophy NOT named for a particular person ?
"text":"What country is known to the people who live there as Zhongguo ?
"text":"What comedian famously claimed that he was “born at a very early age” ?
"text":"The current pope named himself after what ?
"text":"Which of these music acts released an album before the 1970s ?
"text":"In what Canadian province does “Anne of Green Gables” take place ?
"text":"Which of these words is generally considered an insult ?
"text":"Two different actors won Oscars for playing the same character with what first name ?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a superhero in both DC Comics and Marvel ?
"text":"Which of these classic Hitchcock movies is NOT adapted from an existing novel ?
"text":"Which of these historical periods occurred most recently ?
"text":"What is it called when a basketball player gets 10 points, 10 assists, and 10 rebounds in a single game ?
"text":"Which of these prizes is awarded to the most outstanding college football player of the year ?
"text":"What unusual NFL event happened yesterday ?
"text":"Which of these athletes won their Olympic gold medal in softball ?
"text":"What is the MLB ruling when a pitched ball bounces off the ground and then hits the batter ?
"text":"Who was the last US women’s tennis player to win a singles Grand Slam tournament final ?
"text":"What MLB pitcher was once so dominant during a no-hitter that a batter brought a table leg to the plate ?
"text":"The most recent Tour de France was won by a racer born where ?
"text":"Which of these players did NOT score 80 goals in a single NHL season ?
"text":"In 2018, “Forbes” ranked what franchise as the world’s second-most valuable, just behind the Dallas Cowboys ?
"text":"Which player has the highest yards-per-carry average in a 2000-yard season ?
"text":"What team won back-to-back World Series titles first ?
"text":"The autumn season is also known as what ?
"text":"What two numbers refer to very good eyesight ?
"text":"When first introduced, what game was criticized as “sex in a box” ?
"text":"Probiotics can often be found in what food ?
"text":"For each pregnancy, a woman typically grows a new what ?
"text":"According to the FDA, sunscreen is NOT allowed to be labeled as what ?
"text":"According to New Orleans jazz traditions, what is “second lining” ?
"text":"In its pure form, which of these milks can be consumed while on the Paleo diet ?
"text":"Which of these flowers is typically only white ?
"text":"Which of these characters was played by Bruce Willis ?
"text":"In what city would you find the world's tallest occupied building outside of Asia ?
"text":"The classic Disney song “A Spoonful of Sugar” was inspired by what kind of medicine ?
"text":"Which is NOT essential for computing ?
"text":"Which of these bills itself as a search engine ?
"text":"In data storage, the “M” in both RAM and ROM stands for what ?
"text":"In what physics facility was the Higgs boson discovered ?
"text":"What company celebrated the 20th anniversary of its incorporation last week ?
"text":"What was the first portable game system to use interchangeable cartridges ?
"text":"What is the name of Apple’s wireless charging system announced a year ago ?
"text":"The initials of the special-effects house founded by George Lucas appear in what word ?
"text":"Which of these is a security vulnerability found in Intel processors ?
"text":"What game in a popular series was coded almost entirely in assembly language ?
"text":"Which of these was a feature on the original 2007 iPhone ?
"text":"Based on its frequency in job postings, what does codingdojo.com call this year’s most in-demand programming language ?
"text":"The large television screen at sporting events is known as what ?
"text":"In order to be legally wed, what does a couple usually need ?
"text":"In politics, a US president’s last term is colloquially known as what ?
"text":"Marco Polo likely believed which animal was a unicorn ?
"text":"In the lyrics of Shaggy’s hit song “It Wasn’t Me,” who was his friend having an affair with ?
"text":"Which Central American country claims English as its official language ?
"text":"The Monopoly mascot wears which of these accessories ?
"text":"GPS was originally launched by which of these ?
"text":"Jealousy was first referred to as the “green-eyed monster” in which Shakespeare play ?
"text":"Which of these car companies was the first to offer air-conditioned cars ?
"text":"According to the lyrics, “The Urkel Dance” is better than what ?
"text":"Which of these films did NOT come out while the “Titanic” soundtrack was No. 1 on the Billboard 200 ?
"text":"Which of these terms is a common score in tennis ?
"text":"In baseball, “ducks on the pond” refers to what ?
"text":"Which of these football plays is typically NOT performed by special teams ?
"text":"What did every new NFL head coach have in common in Week 1 this season ?
"text":"Nicknamed “Evergreen Tree” in China, Jan-Ove Waldner is considered one of the all-time greats in what ?
"text":"Among NFL QBs, who put up the highest-scoring Week 1 in ESPN fantasy football ?
"text":"Which MLB team does NOT currently lead its division ?
"text":"In both the Coaches Poll and the AP Top 25, what college currently has the highest-ranked football team with a loss ?
"text":"The 2018 National Women’s Soccer League Golden Boot was awarded to a player born where ?
"text":"Which of these former NFL stars spent his entire playing career with Cincinnati’s team ?
"text":"Which of these players is NOT tied for the Team USA single-game assist record in Olympic play ?
"text":"What family has combined for the most Indianapolis 500 race wins ?
"text":"A famous saying that came from an ’80s country song goes, “Dance like nobody is” what ?
"text":"Since 1949, what awards have been given out to top TV programs and performers ?
"text":"Water is known for doing which of these things at zero degrees celsius ?
"text":"The Gateway Arch is a tourist attraction in what US state ?
"text":"What scientific term relates to a motionless object’s tendency to remain still ?
"text":"Which of these terms refers to a learning institution that focuses on studying the Talmud ?
"text":"What actress played a character who spent her career solving murders in Cabot Cove, Maine ?
"text":"Which city has an NHL team specifically named after a bird ?
"text":"In “Mr. Smith Goes to Washington,” what is Mr. Smith’s first name ?
"text":"The number of babies born in the US each year is greater than the population of what state ?
"text":"Among these three British prime ministers, who served the greatest number of terms ?
"text":"What poem was written by a man who tended to wounded soldiers in the American Civil War ?
"text":"Who just unveiled their latest collection of Savage X Fenty lingerie at New York Fashion Week ?
"text":"In fashion, LBD usually stands for what ?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a denim wash popular in the ’80s ?
"text":"Emmy winner Tim Gunn frequently gives what piece of advice on “Project Runway” ?
"text":"What designer directed an Oscar-nominated feature film ?
"text":"Which designer once worked as Christian Dior’s assistant ?
"text":"Who famously used robots in a runway show to spray paint on a model’s dress ?
"text":"Which designer maintained an eponymous label while simultaneously designing for Louis Vuitton ?
"text":"Who was the first African-American model to appear on the cover of American “Vogue” ?
"text":"Which person was in the same Fendi intern class as Kanye West ?
"text":"Which designer is known for wrapping up fashion shows with a brief display of gymnastics ?
"text":"Legendary fashion editor Anna Wintour was once fired from what magazine ?
"text":"A closet with enough room to fully step into is called a what ?
"text":"Which of these is a common type of firework ?
"text":"Which of these city abbreviations is also the name of a major comic book publisher ?
"text":"After three acquittals, to what material did the media compare mobster John Gotti ?
"text":"Which “Winnie the Pooh” character was NOT in the original AA Milne books ?
"text":"Which of these is employed as an interrogation technique in a Monty Python “Spanish Inquisition” sketch ?
"text":"Which of these NFL teams is based in a state different from the other two ?
"text":"In “The Sound of Music,” which of these is NOT a potential “word that means Maria” ?
"text":"Which of these is one of the featured theme parks in the Emmy-nominated TV show “Westworld” ?
"text":"The fictional sport Eschaton is played in what modern classic novel ?
"text":"Which of these Russian cities did NOT have a different name during the Soviet Union ?
"text":"What is Meg Ryan apparently eating at Katz’s Deli in the most famous scene from “When Harry Met Sally” ?
"text":"Chopsticks are traditionally used to eat what kind of food ?
"text":"Which characteristic do both birds and planes share ?
"text":"The term “glamping” is the combination of what two words ?
"text":"Long John Silver is the villain of what classic novel ?
"text":"British comedian Ricky Gervais won an “Outstanding Lead Actor“ Emmy thanks to what TV series ?
"text":"Viewed from Earth, what other planets in our solar system can appear to move in “retrograde” motion ?
"text":"In politics, which of these words is NOT part of the acronym Super PAC ?
"text":"Hunter S. Thompson said what kind of journalism requires believing “anything you’re told” ?
"text":"A deliberately “gross” version of the Easy Bake Oven was sold under what name ?
"text":"Which day of the week does NOT get name-checked in Rebecca Black’s viral hit “Friday” ?
"text":"Which of these films was directed by the same person as “Sleepless in Seattle” ?
"text":"Which of these catchphrases was featured in a ’90s sitcom that had its own Super Nintendo video game ?
"text":"Did I do that ?
"text":"What is the name of the ancient Greek pledge commonly taken by physicians ?
"text":"Found on most computer keyboards, “Esc” is short for what word ?
"text":"The cartoon character Casper is a friendly version of what traditionally scary creature ?
"text":"Which of these is a chemical often used in powdered detergents and cleaners ?
"text":"The Scottish dish haggis is technically a variety of what ?
"text":"Which of these shapes is NOT considered an equilateral quadrilateral ?
"text":"As of 2018, which of these countries has the highest-paid top government leader ?
"text":"Which of these American football positions is also a type of pliers often used by electricians ?
"text":"According to Ricky Martin, which of these things is part of “Livin’ La Vida Loca” ?
"text":"In the original opening credits of the Emmy-winning “Friends,” which character is NOT wearing a turtleneck ?
"text":"Which of these California cities is named after a tree ?
"text":"Who is the star of the follow-up to the 1993 hit film “The Fugitive” ?
"text":"Where did Napoleon Bonaparte ultimately lose his life ?
"text":"Which of these famous structures was built for a World’s Fair ?
"text":"What was the first song performed on live American television by the Beatles ?
"text":"Which of these is a commonly used move in mixed martial arts ?
"text":"In what series did the recently retired Danica Patrick have her best finish ?
"text":"What did NFL cornerback Vontae Davis do at halftime of yesterday’s Bills game ?
"text":"Which city was NOT represented in this year’s WNBA Finals ?
"text":"Of these MLB statistics, which does outfielder Terrance Gore have the most of this season ?
"text":"The college that won the first back-to-back NCAA men’s basketball titles is located where ?
"text":"Which of these young quarterbacks has been a part of more NFL teams than the others ?
"text":"What is the only Premier League team to finish top three in each of the last three seasons ?
"text":"Which MLB team was the last to have two different players win the MVP in back-to-back years ?
"text":"Which of these is found on the official NBA game ball ?
"text":"By definition, what trophy is given to the best first-year NHL player ?
"text":"Who is the father of the titular family in “The Simpsons” ?
"text":"Target’s bull terrier mascot, Bullseye, is what kind of animal ?
"text":"Which of these Jennifers won an acting Emmy for her work on the sitcom “Friends” ?
"text":"Which TV show opened with a bluesy song called “Woke Up This Morning” ?
"text":"Which of these Emmy-winning comedies famously features money kept in a banana stand ?
"text":"“You come at the king, you best not miss” is a famous quote from what TV show ?
"text":"“San Junipero” and “USS Callister” are Emmy-winning episodes of what sci-fi show ?
"text":"In “Breaking Bad,” Walter White takes his criminal pseudonym from what ?
"text":"Which show was co-created by a “New York Times” journalist ?
"text":"What was the first streaming drama to win an Emmy for Outstanding Drama Series ?
"text":"Which character did NOT appear in the “Seinfeld” pilot ?
"text":"The Emmy award gets its name from what ?
"text":"The co-creator of which show got their big break on YouTube ?
"text":"Besides Sam Malone, who is the last character in the bar in the series finale of “Cheers” ?
"text":"“Stranger Things” was first developed under what name ?
"text":"Who was the first black woman to get an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series ?
"text":"The person credited with coining the term “EGOT” won which award ?
"text":"A guest appearance on “The Big Bang Theory” led which of these actors to his first acting Emmy win ?
"text":"Which character from “The X-Files” won its actor an Emmy ?
"text":"Which of these shows explored virtual reality in an episode ?
"text":"What category was NOT included in the one-time only Super Emmy ceremony ?
"text":"Which of these was the last legal drama to win an Emmy for Outstanding Drama Series ?
"text":"Which of these talented actresses has been nominated for a Primetime Emmy ?
"text":"Which of these phrases was spoken on the first “Star Trek” TV series to be broadcast ?
"text":"What series had the greatest number of performers win Emmys for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy ?
"text":"Which person has NOT been Emmy-nominated for playing a character who shares his real last name ?
"text":"Audrey Hepburn’s EGOT included getting an Emmy for a documentary about what ?
"text":"The largest tech firm in existence is named for what fruit ?
"text":"What device calls up internet service providers ?
"text":"Which of these items is most likely to access the “internet of things” ?
"text":"What does the “V” stand for in the online technology VoIP ?
"text":"Google’s Silicon Valley campus shares a name with what ?
"text":"On a typical laptop, which of these identifiers is also known as a “physical address” ?
"text":"What does the “S” stand for in modern smartphone SIM cards ?
"text":"Early phone hackers could get free calls using a toy packaged with what food ?
"text":"An early ’90s competitor to the World Wide Web was named for what animal ?
"text":"What single key opens a find field in the Firefox browser ?
"text":"Which of these tech companies was founded by selling seafood ?
"text":"A mobile game called “Send Me to Heaven” was banned from the App Store thanks to what secret objective ?
"text":"According to the old adage, where is the grass always greener ?
"text":"What does a car’s “torque” refer to ?
"text":"Featured in countless ancient myths, Mount Olympus is located in what country ?
"text":"What does the “P” in PSAT stand for ?
"text":"According to The Knot, engagements most commonly occur in which month ?
"text":"The dance craze “nae nae” was inspired by the star of which TV show ?
"text":"Which book featuring Hannibal Lecter was released first ?
"text":"The oldest existing polo club is located in which city ?
"text":"The director of “The Wolf of Wall Street” also directed the music video for which of these songs ?
"text":"Which fashion magazine did the women of “The Hills” and “The City” NOT work at ?
"text":"Which drink did Nikita Khrushchev declare “America’s lethal weapon” ?
"text":"Before it won the Oscar, a song from which film prompted the presenter to say, “What a shocker” ?
"text":"Which of these is a standard offensive position on an NFL football team ?
"text":"Chloe Kim won the ESPY for Best Female Athlete for dominating what sport ?
"text":"Which track and field event does NOT typically involve landing in a sand pit ?
"text":"In the Super Bowl era, what QB has the record for most TD passes in the first two weeks of an NFL season ?
"text":"In the MLB, which of these rules specifically changes in the month of September ?
"text":"What official nickname is given to the teams that make the NCAA hockey semifinals ?
"text":"What team plays in the oldest ballpark in Major League Baseball ?
"text":"The first College Football Playoff was won by a team from what conference ?
"text":"Who is the only pitcher to accumulate triple-digit complete games as well as triple-digit saves ?
"text":"To play against the US in the Ryder Cup, a golfer must have what qualification ?
"text":"What is the only tennis Grand Slam tournament that once paid women’s winners more than men ?
"text":"Paleolithic is another word for what long-ago era of time ?
"text":"Exposure to the sun is directly helpful in raising a person’s what ?
"text":"When exercising, holding a “plank” means your hips are where ?
"text":"Which of these chorus parts features the lowest vocal range ?
"text":"A dessert of strawberries and cream sometimes goes by which name ?
"text":"Which of these films does NOT feature twins separated at birth ?
"text":"Which of these companies once devoted a day to the popular “Rickroll” meme ?
"text":"Not to be confused with “camping,” which of these authors famously wrote an essay about “camp” ?
"text":"The NFL star who infamously changed his last name to the Spanish for “eight five” played what position ?
"text":"In which language is a dog’s bark known as “voff-voff” ?
"text":"Which of these Canadians has acted in a film alongside Clint Eastwood ?
"text":"Which “Desperate Housewife” did NOT appear on “Seinfeld” as one of Jerry’s girlfriends ?
"text":"Which of these NBA players had the worst career free throw percentage ?
"text":"The time off some offices have at the end of the week in summer months is called what ?
"text":"Which of these is an iPhone feature that allows you to see the people you call ?
"text":"The aluminum tab that opens a soda can has what nickname ?
"text":"In what sports league is the last part of the regular season often referred to as a “pennant race” ?
"text":"The Puerto Rican dish Mofongo is usually made with what main ingredient ?
"text":"The gemstone peridot is known for being closest to which of these colors ?
"text":"Which character was NOT in Mary Shelley’s “Frankenstein” ?
"text":"Which of these movies did better at the box office than the original film in its series ?
"text":"Which of these Eastern European countries reaches the farthest south ?
"text":"Which of these films features a car built by its lead actor in real life ?
"text":"The production credit at the end of every episode of the TV show “House’” mentions what accessory ?
"text":"Iggy Azalea’s hit 2014 song “Fancy” mentions a brand of which type of alcohol ?
"text":"What did Cinderella leave behind at the ball ?
"text":"Where did the title character in Disney’s “The Little Mermaid” live at the start of the film ?
"text":"Which classic Disney film features a key character named Mufasa ?
"text":"The Darling family in “Peter Pan” had an aptly named dog, Nana, who performed what job ?
"text":"In Disney’s “Pinocchio,” children who come to Pleasure Island are turned into what ?
"text":"Which of these classic Disney characters speaks the fewest words ?
"text":"Walt Disney’s daughter was said to have objected to which character’s arc ?
"text":"A mysterious merchant in the beginning of Disney’s “Aladdin” is actually what other character in disguise ?
"text":"Which of these lyrics is from the Disney movie whose plot was directly inspired by “Hamlet” ?
"text":"Which of these villains sings her own musical number in her original Disney film ?
"text":"In Disney’s “Sleeping Beauty,” which fairy godmother wants the dress to be blue ?
"text":"Which of these Disney princesses is oldest in her original film ?
"text":"A swimming pool that appears boundless on at least one side is known as what ?
"text":"In the classic parable “The Emperor’s New Clothes,” what does the Emperor end up wearing ?
"text":"Isosceles and equilateral are two kinds of what geometric shape ?
"text":"A coda usually occurs at what part of a story ?
"text":"Gallstones can most directly affect which of these organs ?
"text":"Which of these fashion brands is known for its bamboo details in handbags ?
"text":"In the Black Eyed Peas hit “Boom Boom Pow,” Fergie brags about being from what era ?
"text":"Which of these streets runs alongside one edge of Manhattan’s Central Park ?
"text":"The skeptical partner in “The X-Files” was named after an announcer for what baseball team ?
"text":"The biggest flower in the world is native to which country ?
"text":"In Robert Palmer’s “Addicted to Love” music video, which band member’s dress is off-the-shoulder ?
"text":"Who directed the first PG-13 film to be nominated for a Best Picture Oscar ?
"text":"Athleisure is a fashion trend focused on wearing what ?
"text":"A massively popular video game that asks players to actually dance is named “Dance Dance” what ?
"text":"Snow globes are unsurprisingly the invention of which country ?
"text":"Which Mexican dish traditionally features tortillas as a main ingredient ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT considered a noble gas ?
"text":"Bugs Meany was the recurring villain in which YA series ?
"text":"Which of these people helped found New York City’s first private orphanage ?
"text":"In which of these countries are nearly all new smartphones waterproof ?
"text":"Which of these designers once had a fragrance called “Kingdom” ?
"text":"Which of these countries’ national flags depicts the top of a traditional tent ?
"text":"Which of these sports figures has NOT hosted “Saturday Night Live” ?
"text":"In the lyrics of “My Favorite Things,” what color are the ponies ?
"text":"According to legend, William Tell used a bow and arrow to shoot what off his son’s head ?
"text":"The title of the video game “Super Mario Bros.” refers to what brothers ?
"text":"Which of these animals breathes through gills ?
"text":"Which of these words means both “hello” and “goodbye” ?
"text":"A full English breakfast traditionally includes which of these foods ?
"text":"By definition, a person with “tall poppy syndrome” dislikes what ?
"text":"Which band is fronted by a person who also created a wildly successful “virtual band” ?
"text":"Which of these words does NOT refer to an area of vegetation ?
"text":"Which show’s pilot episode cost so much that a network executive was fired over it ?
"text":"Which word is derived from the last name of the target of a famous protest ?
"text":"Which of these companies changed its original name because of its morbid connotation ?
"text":"The initials of the band LFO, famous for “Summer Girls,” stand for what ?
"text":"Who described Helen of Troy as “the face that launch’d a thousand ships” ?
"text":"Which of these was NOT a rejected character for Disney's “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs ?
"text":"At the very end of “Frasier,” Frasier Crane leaves Seattle in favor of what city ?
"text":"In the US, the sport of rowing is often called what ?
"text":"Which is NOT a common position in ice hockey ?
"text":"How long is an NFL field goal attempt if the line of scrimmage is the 30 yard line ?
"text":"What quarterback caught a pass for a two-point conversion in his NFL debut ?
"text":"What pitcher has the record for most no-hitters in MLB history ?
"text":"What fighter does NOT have a winning record against Evander Holyfield ?
"text":"When Aaron Judge returned from his 2018 wrist injury, his first appearance was as what ?
"text":"Which of these leagues doubled in size in a single year in the 1960s ?
"text":"The current world record in women’s long jump was set by an athlete competing for what place ?
"text":"Whose record consecutive games streak did Lou Gehrig break ?
"text":"In high school, which athlete did NOT receive state player of the year awards in both basketball and football ?
"text":"Lin-Manuel Miranda recently made his mark on Broadway with a blockbuster musical about what ?
"text":"Which of these legendary musical characters wears a half-face mask ?
"text":"Elphaba, Glinda, and the Wizard of Oz are all main characters in which musical ?
"text":"Which of these would be considered a jukebox musical ?
"text":"In “West Side Story,” which of these is the name of one of the gangs ?
"text":"Which of these Broadway musicals is based on the opera “La Bohème” ?
"text":"Which renowned composer wrote a hit musical about a man who stole a loaf of bread ?
"text":"Which of these Broadway musicals started out as a movie ?
"text":"Which actor has NOT played a Broadway role made famous by a Liza Minnelli film ?
"text":"Which of these musicals had a Broadway revival featuring American Sign Language ?
"text":"Which show-stopping number was originally written for a musical version of “Flowers for Algernon” ?
"text":"According to the show’s program, which of these musicals is NOT referenced in “Hamilton” ?
"text":"Which American skier won gold in an Olympics event most recently ?
"text":"Windows users are asked to drag unwanted files to what desktop icon ?
"text":"As its title suggests, in which of these games can players get into trouble by digging straight down ?
"text":"On a typical US calculator, AC stands for what ?
"text":"Modern gas-powered automobiles run on which type of engine ?
"text":"Established in 1969, a precursor to the internet was called what ?
"text":"The Macintosh was introduced in an ambitious TV ad directed by whom ?
"text":"The man who patented the telephone also invented a means for transmitting speech through what ?
"text":"In 2009, South Africa’s ADSL internet infamously failed a speed test against what ?
"text":"Steve Jobs picked the name “Apple” partly because it specifically came before what in the phone book ?
"text":"What product comes with a “Bioweapon Defense Mode” for use in case of apocalyptic catastrophe ?
"text":"The first known televised use of “google” as a verb was in 2002 on what show ?
"text":"The enigmatic creator of Bitcoin goes by the same first name as the creator of what game ?
"text":"You can easily make crunchy croutons for your salad at home using what ?
"text":"Waist trainers are modern versions of what article of clothing ?
"text":"In baseball, which player is positioned behind home plate ?
"text":"What was the title of the founder of the People’s Republic of China ?
"text":"By definition, being part of the “hoi polloi” means you’re part of what ?
"text":"Which of these classic pasta dishes usually includes tomatoes ?
"text":"The star of which film franchise was a competitive diver ?
"text":"The Vikings considered the Norse god Ullr the God of what ?
"text":"Which author’s work inspired one of Lana Del Rey’s album titles ?
"text":"Buuz dumplings are most popular in which country ?
"text":"What video game franchise based its combat system on American football ?
"text":"The actor behind which classic TV character voiced roles in the Power Rangers TV show AND film ?
"text":"A baseball player who bats both right and left handed is known as what ?
"text":"Por qué no los dos ?
"text":"Which word commonly refers to a track and field obstacle roughly 30 to 40 inches high ?
"text":"In what sport is play frequently restarted with something called a “scrum” ?
"text":"What competition features a team of US golfers facing a team from Europe ?
"text":"What US Division I college sport has the fewest number of teams in its official playoff tournament ?
"text":"Which MLB career record is NOT held by Rickey Henderson ?
"text":"What sport features an important piece of equipment called a \"stump\" ?
"text":"In what city is it possible to hit the shortest over-the-fence home run in Major League Baseball ?
"text":"What team eliminated Michael Jordan’s Bulls from the playoffs the greatest number of times ?
"text":"The first woman to record a point in men’s pro hockey did so while playing in what country ?
"text":"Which fighting style was NOT represented at the original UFC 1 tournament ?
"text":"As measured by number of games, which record streak is the longest ?
"text":"What type of school typically does NOT hold classes during the middle of the day ?
"text":"In a classic fairytale, what does the Ugly Duckling grow into ?
"text":"What shape is typically featured on US “one way” road signs ?
"text":"A square-topped cap known as a “mortarboard” is typically worn at what special occasion ?
"text":"Which of these subjects would most likely be covered in math class ?
"text":"What legendary comedian constantly complained about getting “no respect” ?
"text":"The Latin phrase “carpe diem” most closely translates to which of these ?
"text":"When it comes to high school proms, what is the word “prom” actually short for ?
"text":"Which Ivy League school is located in the “Nutmeg State” ?
"text":"Which of these geographical pairings has the smallest combined population ?
"text":"What geometric form is made by cutting the tip off of a cone ?
"text":"Which of these animals tends to have the largest number of neck vertebrae ?
"text":"What state’s entire eastern and western borders are defined by rivers ?
"text":"What word is NOT in the English translation of France’s national motto ?
"text":"On what continent would you find the world’s largest pyramid by volume ?
"text":"The programming language Javascript was originally known as what ?
"text":"Which of these bones in the human body is typically the smallest ?
"text":"Who was NOT an author of the Federalist Papers ?
"text":"Britain’s national anthem has pretty much the same tune as what US song ?
"text":"Which of these cities is at a lower latitude than the others ?
"text":"An angel attempts to pull an old woman from hell using an onion in a famous work by which author ?
"text":"Which of these numbers is divisible by 11 ?
"text":"Which of these words is NOT in the lyrics to Bon Jovi’s “Livin’ on a Prayer” ?
"text":"Which sitcom once featured two actors who played the same character in a “Twilight Zone” episode and its movie remake ?
"text":"Which trigonometry ratio’s three-letter abbreviation is a common English word ?
"text":"Which of these words is NOT derived from Hindi ?
"text":"Which of these stars is believed to have the coldest surface temperature ?
"text":"A screwball comedy Stanley Kubrick wanted to make with Steve Martin later became what non-comedy ?
"text":"A shirt that rises up to cover your throat is said to have what kind of neck ?
"text":"CO2 is the chemical formula for what substance ?
"text":"Supposedly home to strange UFO experiments, Area 51 is located in what US state ?
"text":"Of these languages, which is believed to be the oldest ?
"text":"Marc Maron began his popular podcast by interviewing people in what field ?
"text":"What do worker bees do to let others in the hive know about food sources ?
"text":"The quote “Good artists copy, great artists steal” was often used by which of these people ?
"text":"What network’s former head is now internationally famous for writing biographies ?
"text":"Annie Leibovitz’s famous photo of John Lennon and Yoko Ono appeared on the cover of which magazine ?
"text":"Which of these films was John Hughes’s last movie working with Molly Ringwald ?
"text":"Which of these bestselling novels was considered a flop when it was first released ?
"text":"What Hollywood industry term is mentioned in the “Animaniacs” theme song ?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a popular video gaming platform ?
"text":"What classic game involves stacking falling pieces called “polyominoes” ?
"text":"What genre is the popular online game “World of Warcraft” typically classified as ?
"text":"A recent update to “Fortnite” lets players do what to the driver of the battle bus ?
"text":"What Nintendo Switch game notably sold more copies than there were consoles to play it on ?
"text":"In the game “Skyrim,” characters often complain that they once “took an arrow” where ?
"text":"What is the first input to the famous “Konami Code” ?
"text":"In “GoldenEye 007” on Nintendo 64, the Oddjob avatar was controversial mainly because of his what ?
"text":"Which is NOT a fan complaint regularly leveled at “Overwatch” ?
"text":"What wacky bowling variation is available in “Wii Sports Resort” ?
"text":"The inspiration for both “DotA” and “League of Legends” dates back to a fan-made map in what other game ?
"text":"In the original “Super Mario Bros.”, the flag that players jump on to finish levels appears to show a what ?
"text":"In the Bible, what method of transportation did Noah use to survive the flood ?
"text":"An old saying advises against making a mountain out of what ?
"text":"By definition, which of these people claims to have extrasensory powers ?
"text":"Which of these creatures is typically the smallest ?
"text":"Near what city would you find the Disney property officially known as The Magic Kingdom ?
"text":"Which American artist was known for his mobiles ?
"text":"Which of these beers is made by a fully US-owned company ?
"text":"Who was the original host of Comedy Central’s “The Daily Show” ?
"text":"What band had a hit ’90s song with almost the exact same title as Tag Team’s “Whoomp! (There It Is)” ?
"text":"Which of these words appears in Lewis Carroll’s “Jabberwocky” ?
"text":"The Komodo dragon is the national animal of where ?
"text":"To prevent plot leaks, what claim did Darth Vader make in the actors’ script for “Empire Strikes Back” ?
"text":"By definition, a QB on a football team is what ?
"text":"The material designed to capture wind and propel a boat is generally known as what ?
"text":"Which of these sandwiches typically features three pieces of bread ?
"text":"Which of these is necessary to complete photosynthesis ?
"text":"“Where do you want to go today ?
"text":"Piggy has a rough time while stranded on an island in a novel written by whom ?
"text":"Which movie features multiple discussions mentioning the painter Monet ?
"text":"Mobster Salvatore Gravano’s nickname references the male version of what animal ?
"text":"JFK once compared the combined talents of a room of Nobel Prize winners to what single man ?
"text":"Which classic ’60s song has NOT been covered by William Shatner ?
"text":"Which sitcom starred an actor who got his break by winning the first comedy competition on “Star Search” ?
"text":"Which city is NOT home to a mass transit system listed as a National Historic Landmark ?
"text":"Which of these places have humans traveled to by rocket ship ?
"text":"On the periodic table, the letter C is the chemical symbol for what ?
"text":"In the human body, the lumbar region is located where ?
"text":"The term “Hellenic” refers to a person or thing from what country ?
"text":"Which of these places was visited by Christopher Columbus ?
"text":"Which of these classic ’80s movies spawned a theatrically-released sequel ?
"text":"By definition, which of these wools can only come from a goat ?
"text":"What is the distinctive featured ingredient in traditional shoofly pie ?
"text":"Which artist’s work can you see at New York City’s MoMA ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a prestigious award for children’s books ?
"text":"Which is a term for the bottom bone in a horse’s leg ?
"text":"Which of these artists has an album with the longest title ?
"text":"Which hybrid sport combining two games has competitive leagues in Europe and Asia ?
"text":"The top-level domain .tv originates from a nation located where ?
"text":"In the series finale, which of these classic TV shows was NOT revealed to be a fantasy ?
"text":"The exchange from center to quarterback is called the what ?
"text":"Wayne Gretzky has been credited with saying “you miss 100% of the shots you don’t” what ?
"text":"Which of these sports has the fewest number of players on the field at one time ?
"text":"In baseball, the term “split-finger fastball” refers to what specific two fingers being split ?
"text":"Which pitcher did NOT reach the 20-win mark this year in MLB ?
"text":"What football team was the last to win the Super Bowl with a left-handed starting QB ?
"text":"Brett Favre tossed the most touchdowns in a single game while playing for what team ?
"text":"Who is the only player with a triple double of at least 20 points, rebounds and assists in an NBA game ?
"text":"Who was the last person Serena Williams defeated in a Grand Slam singles final ?
"text":"Who is NOT one of the boxers who is tied for most appearances on HBO ?
"text":"Who set the NHL record for goals by a rookie born in the United States ?
"text":"During this year’s Ryder Cup, which of these numbers was highest ?
"text":"According to the lyrics of their smash hit “Everybody,” where are the Backstreet Boys ?
"text":"The boy band One Direction included which of these people ?
"text":"The massive global boy band BTS hails from what place ?
"text":"Which boy band released the slow ballad “I Do (Cherish You)” ?
"text":"What does the \"O\" stand for in O-Town ?
"text":"Which of these boy bands released a Christmas album called “Santa Hooked Me Up” ?
"text":"Which of these was NOT a real character in MTV’s parody boy band 2gether ?
"text":"The star of which film was almost a full-time member of New Kids on the Block ?
"text":"The Jonas brothers once starred in a show where they played characters with what last name ?
"text":"The boy band featuring Ricky Martin had a Spanish name that figuratively translated to what ?
"text":"Which member of New Kids on the Block was NOT from the same neighborhood as the other four ?
"text":"In the “Bye Bye Bye” music video, what does JC Chasez do in the car when the music stops ?
"text":"Which of these is a massively popular online search engine ?
"text":"Which is NOT a common type of computer memory ?
"text":"What type of tech is commonly used to connect computers on a local area network ?
"text":"What mobile device is made by the company that invented the Xbox ?
"text":"What tiny unit of storage is equivalent to half a byte ?
"text":"In the 90s, what company packaged its computers in spotted boxes resembling cow markings ?
"text":"Calling it a “stolen product,” Steve Jobs vowed to destroy what operating system ?
"text":"Alan Turing’s theoretical \"Turing Machine\" was designed to perform calculations using what ?
"text":"Which element has an alternate name that forms part of the title of a widely-used search engine ?
"text":"What game console could play remotely with other consoles through a separate modem-like add-on ?
"text":"A famous Nick Bostrom thought experiment about the risks of AI involves the supply of what ?
"text":"The first-ever website was in what top-level domain ?
"text":"Shrimp is most often paired with which of these foods in the South ?
"text":"Which of these is a type of fancy shoe ?
"text":"Which of these animals is technically a type of rodent ?
"text":"Trousers that remain wide-legged all the way through the ankle are known as what ?
"text":"Which of these places is NOT currently classified as a “city-state” ?
"text":"Which of these ubiquitous tech symbols is an example of Cubism ?
"text":"According to the “Ducktales” theme song, what kind of tales are being had ?
"text":"Which of these camera advancements was first introduced ?
"text":"A ram’s horn known as a shofar is typically blown during which Jewish event ?
"text":"Which major child-related medical advancement first happened in the ’80s ?
"text":"Which TV show debuted with the coveted post-Super Bowl time slot ?
"text":"Which film’s lead character says the fewest words ?
"text":"In which sport are points usually scored by sending a ball from a little net into a much bigger net ?
"text":"In the NFL, which of these plays is worth the greatest number of points ?
"text":"An NHL hockey team is specifically permitted to ice the puck in what situation ?
"text":"What NFL player just became the first since 2005 to have four straight games with a sack and forced fumble ?
"text":"Which swimming stroke is performed in the greatest number of current Olympic competitions ?
"text":"What school’s women’s basketball team set the record for the most consecutive weeks in the AP top 25 ?
"text":"Khris Davis just became the first player to have what identical MLB statistic four years in a row ?
"text":"Which achievement was Althea Gibson NOT the first black woman to reach ?
"text":"What NFL team plays its home games farthest north ?
"text":"The starting MLB pitcher who last won the Cy Young with the fewest wins played for what team ?
"text":"If Tiger Woods wins the Masters next year, he’ll tie Hale Irwin and three others for what record ?
"text":"The only person to medal in both Winter and Summer Olympics in one year did so in what events ?
"text":"Franklin Roosevelt famously said, “The only thing we have to fear is” what ?
"text":"Denim pants with a loose fit and high waistline are commonly called what ?
"text":"Which of these is a fairly popular soda flavor ?
"text":"What kind of spider often has a red hourglass marking ?
"text":"What does the “p” stand for in the audio format .mp3 ?
"text":"What was TV newscaster Walter Cronkite’s longtime sign-off phrase ?
"text":"A 19th-century person in what profession is credited with founding the science of genetics ?
"text":"What was the first video game to use feature-quality, hand-drawn animation instead of computer graphics ?
"text":"What rock band famously parodied the jacket design of Elvis Presley’s debut album ?
"text":"Which two countries have capitals starting with the same four letters in English ?
"text":"Which character appears in only one of Shakespeare’s plays ?
"text":"The only actor with a speaking live-action part in a Pixar movie was in what other film ?
"text":"In a popular myth, what is said to be at the end of a rainbow ?
"text":"Asking someone to do the opposite of what you want is known as what kind of psychology ?
"text":"Within a play, a group of characters who comment on the drama is known as what ?
"text":"In the novel “The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants,” what kind of pants were shared ?
"text":"In hiking, taking a zig zag route up a mountain is known as what ?
"text":"The star of what film was recently cast as Tony in the remake of “West Side Story” ?
"text":"Compounds known as lipids are often found in what ?
"text":"Which of these rappers has the username LilTunechi on Twitter ?
"text":"Title IX is a landmark American civil rights law most directly affecting what system ?
"text":"Which character was in all eight original “Harry Potter” movies ?
"text":"Which of these famous sculptures does NOT have Morton’s Toe ?
"text":"In Pitbull’s massive 2013 hit featuring Kesha, what athlete is mentioned ?
"text":"A popular ’90s saying informed people to “talk to the” what ?
"text":"What was the translucent, colorful plastic footwear trendy in the ’90s known as ?
"text":"What was the title of a classic Blind Melon song whose video featured a girl dressed as a bee ?
"text":"In “Beverly Hills, 90210,” where did Brandon and Brenda live before moving to Beverly Hills ?
"text":"Which of these was NOT a typical life cycle for a Tamagotchi character ?
"text":"Featured on “Ally McBeal,” what lyrics accompanied the viral 1996 “Dancing Baby” video ?
"text":"’90s hunk Fabio was part of a memorable advertising campaign for what ?
"text":"The Tonya Harding/Nancy Kerrigan controversy mainly took place the month before which Olympics ?
"text":"Crystal Pepsi was introduced in a Super Bowl ad with a song by who ?
"text":"Michael Jordan’s final point scored with the Chicago Bulls was what kind of shot ?
"text":"Which of these films was Chris Farley’s movie debut ?
"text":"In Left Eye’s solo verse in “No Scrubs,” what type of technology does she compare the scrub to ?
"text":"What part of a song do singers in a rock band typically perform ?
"text":"What gum brand weirdly translates to “three teeth” ?
"text":"What word can mean either a punctuation mark or “to hurry” ?
"text":"Which of these nations lies in Sub-Saharan Africa ?
"text":"If a regular-season NHL game goes into overtime, what happens first ?
"text":"Stannous fluoride is fluoride containing what ?
"text":"Who is the only person named Oscar to win an Oscar ?
"text":"Which is NOT a category of Pulitzer Prize ?
"text":"A real-life coding glitch put what accidental Pokémon into the first two games ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT an example of a venomous mammal ?
"text":"A “TV Guide” list of the worst shows ever included what spinoff of the legendary sitcom “M*A*S*H” ?
"text":"The exterior of Washington National Cathedral in America’s capital features a carving of who ?
"text":"What is a common Hawaiian menu item at tiki-themed restaurants ?
"text":"Al Roker rose to fame for delivering news about what ?
"text":"Which of these animals is an herbivore ?
"text":"A French manicure typically includes what color nail polish ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a name of a recent White House pet ?
"text":"One of the former “Mythbusters” hosts is known for wearing what kind of hat ?
"text":"In the Greek legend, Sisyphus is punished for what ?
"text":"Which of these megastars has a noticeable diastema ?
"text":"Which ’80s talking doll was known for the catchphrase, “Are we having fun or what ?
"text":"Which of these is a title of the official homepage of an Oscar-winning actor ?
"text":"The most popular TED talk video of all time is about what ?
"text":"The singer famous for “Girls Just Want to Have Fun” sang the theme song to which TV show ?
"text":"In the American Old West, lawbreakers were found on what type of posters ?
"text":"What kind of cookies often follow meals at Chinese restaurants in the US ?
"text":"What type of creature is a spider monkey ?
"text":"Which of these does NOT exemplify one of the six simple machines identified in the Renaissance ?
"text":"Which of these “-oons” is an edible plant similar to an artichoke ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a common type of manicure ?
"text":"What US president officially named the White House the \"White House\" ?
"text":"Which of these sports was derived from the Greek word meaning “to exercise naked” ?
"text":"Which of these fashion labels is known for keeping its collections completely vegetarian ?
"text":"What is traditionally sprinkled about a sumo wrestling ring before a match begins ?
"text":"Which classic movie doofus orders a pizza to his classroom ?
"text":"In her famous VMA performance, what type of snake did Britney Spears dance with ?
"text":"Tonsurephobia is the fear of what ?
"text":"Before Lin-Manuel Miranda's “Hamilton,” what Broadway show had the record for fastest spoken verse ?
"text":"Which superhero movie was directed by a person nominated for multiple Oscars ?
"text":"Which of these is a technique often used by ball carriers in the NFL ?
"text":"Former NBA star Antoine Walker claimed he took so many threes because there weren’t any what ?
"text":"Which fighter was NOT part of this past weekend’s massive UFC bout ?
"text":"Which of these plays always at least temporarily stops the clock in an NFL game ?
"text":"What franchise did NOT retire Dr. J’s jersey ?
"text":"What soccer legend won the Golden Ball and was ejected from the World Cup final in the same tournament ?
"text":"Which of these was a real Olympic synchronized swimming competition that has been discontinued ?
"text":"What key part of the Capitals’ championship team was NOT included in their recent banner-raising ceremony ?
"text":"What is the only stadium in baseball that typically sells more sausages than hot dogs ?
"text":"In women’s college basketball, which conference had the most first team All-Americans in 2018 ?
"text":"What MLB pitcher has led both the American and National leagues in shutouts in the same season ?
"text":"Which of these players led the NFL in receptions the greatest number of seasons ?
"text":"In her hit debut song, Lorde sang about never being what ?
"text":"The duo behind the hit song “Party Rock Anthem” goes by what name ?
"text":"Which of these pop music superstars is Swedish ?
"text":"The Dixie Chicks are featured on a version of which of these Beyoncé songs ?
"text":"Which of these artists is part of the producing group known as The Neptunes ?
"text":"In Cardi B’s “I Like It,” she compares her pursuit of riches to what video game character ?
"text":"Which of these top-selling female artists has NOT recorded a “James Bond” theme song ?
"text":"Which of these Taylor Swift singles features a Pulitzer Prize winner ?
"text":"In reference to her lyrics, which kitchen item did Kacey Musgraves use in a song recording ?
"text":"Featured in all three songs, New Orleans musician Big Freedia only appears in what music video ?
"text":"Which of these is one of Dua Lipa’s “New Rules” ?
"text":"Which hit single was NOT reportedly written in one day ?
"text":"By definition, which of these combine to form a coordinate point ?
"text":"In the 1800s, Otto von Bismarck was the chancellor of what European power ?
"text":"Which of these shows just introduced a 13th version of its main character ?
"text":"Which of these is a key ingredient in an Elvis sandwich ?
"text":"Who hosted “Saturday Night Live” this past weekend ?
"text":"The Titanic was primarily built in what city ?
"text":"Which of these cooking gurus was once a professional stockbroker ?
"text":"The Sony exec responsible for the Walkman wanted to use it to listen to what kind of music ?
"text":"On average, which of these cities has the greatest total annual rainfall ?
"text":"The Maroon 5 video with the most views on YouTube was directed by the same person as what film ?
"text":"Which TV show featured an actor who made annual singing appearances at the Indy 500 ?
"text":"In China, what word is often used in popular American comedy movie titles ?
"text":"Who was the second president of the United States ?
"text":"In grammar, what part of speech is used to describe nouns ?
"text":"Paul Hewson, the lead singer of U2, is better known by what stage name ?
"text":"Which of these actors was NOT on the TV show “Saved by the Bell” ?
"text":"Humans can catch warts from which of the following ?
"text":"The word “canola” as in “canola oil” is derived from which of these words ?
"text":"Which of these music groups would NOT be considered New Jack Swing ?
"text":"The glabella is the part of the body where a person might have what ?
"text":"Which of these people was in the original “Ghostbusters” in an uncredited role ?
"text":"Which place is home to a newspaper called “The Penguin News” ?
"text":"Warren G and Nate Dogg’s 1994 hit sampled an artist who was a key member of which ’70s band ?
"text":"The author of which of these books was buried with a power saw ?
"text":"Which of these is an official weight class in the UFC ?
"text":"Red Sox utility player Brock Holt just became the first person to ever do what in the playoffs ?
"text":"In which football formation does the quarterback set up the farthest from the center ?
"text":"Which of these college football teams received a No. 1 vote in this week’s AP poll ?
"text":"Who hit the most home runs in MLB history after reaching the age of 43 ?
"text":"What is the only NFL team that has neither played in nor hosted a Super Bowl ?
"text":"The phrase “winning hands down” originated in what sport ?
"text":"What league’s championship trophy features multiple women’s names engraved on it ?
"text":"Which of these championship-winning coaches did NOT play on a team that won the NCAA tournament ?
"text":"In the last 10 years, which team has had multiple NBA Rookies of the Year ?
"text":"Which tennis player won the greatest number of consecutive matches on clay ?
"text":"Which nation won its first Olympic medal most recently ?
"text":"Which of these is a common temperature scale abbreviated with a “C” ?
"text":"What adjective came before Iron Man’s name in his original Marvel comic series ?
"text":"An inhaler typically treats what kind of condition ?
"text":"In cooking, en flambé is when what is added to a hot pan ?
"text":"Pandiculation usually happens when someone is what ?
"text":"Which of these reptiles is NOT also the name of a programming language ?
"text":"Which of these logos is fashion label Commes des Garçons known for ?
"text":"Which Beatle is NOT wearing shoes on the legendary album cover where the band is crossing the street ?
"text":"“And now that you don’t have to be perfect, you can be good” is a quote from which Steinbeck novel ?
"text":"Which of these places does NOT have NFL cheerleaders for its current home team ?
"text":"What kind of art memorably gets an extreme closeup in “Ferris Bueller’s Day Off” ?
"text":"In the hit song “Let It Go” from “Frozen,” which cold-weather term is mentioned ?
"text":"Which of these is a form of sea life ?
"text":"An old folk saying says that “a stitch in time saves” what ?
"text":"What pop star made massive headlines this week for urging fans to vote ?
"text":"Which of these words means a conversation ?
"text":"What early 20th-century composer-pianist was known as “The King of Ragtime” ?
"text":"Which of these is the title of a real Pac-Man sequel that appeared in arcades ?
"text":"Which of these films was NOT directed by anime legend Hayao Miyazaki ?
"text":"The last name of a Wikipedia co-founder is the same as what ?
"text":"In which country is the capital city also its most populous metropolitan area ?
"text":"What author said he wanted his most famous creation to be a “dull, uninteresting man” ?
"text":"What visual system was the basis for the peace symbol ?
"text":"Who once told an “American Idol” contestant that he was “the worst singer in the world” ?
"text":"The star of the original “Magnum, P.I.” sported what kind of facial hair ?
"text":"Which of these TV shows famously aired a series finale that abruptly cuts to black ?
"text":"In which of these shows was the main character NOT a doctor ?
"text":"Which of these “Game of Thrones” characters learned to speak Dothraki ?
"text":"Which of these creepy characters has NOT been featured on “American Horror Story” ?
"text":"What style of footwear did Carrie Bradshaw think was just “an urban shoe myth” ?
"text":"The Countess of Grantham on “Downton Abbey” was almost played by the star of what show ?
"text":"The people who receive The Fab Five’s help on this year’s “Queer Eye” reboot are referred to as what ?
"text":"A young character on “Big Little Lies” is named in honor of what musician ?
"text":"When Luke infamously “welcomes” Ryan in “The OC” pilot, what accessory is he wearing ?
"text":"During Ross’s wedding to Emily in “Friends,” what does Ross say immediately after “take thee Rachel” ?
"text":"What is the name of the lead single from the new “A Star Is Born” soundtrack ?
"text":"What is the nickname for the vehicle the current pope rides in ?
"text":"British sailors were called “Limeys” because they were known for consuming what ?
"text":"According to lore, who was Paul Bunyan’s animal sidekick ?
"text":"Which of these islands is named for a type of large tortoise ?
"text":"Speed dating was directly inspired by a person with what profession ?
"text":"Smocking is a technique used to help clothes do what ?
"text":"In pop psychology, the Lady Macbeth Effect is said to make people want to do what ?
"text":"Which television show did NOT have an episode constructed as a musical ?
"text":"Which of these action movies stars an actor born with the name Mark Sinclair ?
"text":"Which of these books was originally published in another country under the title “Man Without Scruples” ?
"text":"Which hit song was by the same pop star who released a video game subtitled “American Dream” ?
"text":"When it comes to sibling birth order, where were most US presidents born ?
"text":"In education, what does “K-12” refer to ?
"text":"Raisins are a dried form of what fruit ?
"text":"Which of these characters could be classified as a burro ?
"text":"Who was the first US president to reside in the White House ?
"text":"Which of these is the correct spelling of a synonym for “pompous” ?
"text":"What candy shares its name with a bowling-like lawn game ?
"text":"Which US state is currently divided into smaller regions called counties ?
"text":"What is 1/100,000,000 of a Bitcoin called ?
"text":"When successful, which American football play scores the most points ?
"text":"What “Lord of the Rings” character was in the books, but not seen, heard, or mentioned in Peter Jackson’s films ?
"text":"Which is a playable race in “World of Warcraft” ?
"text":"Roger Ebert infamously wrote he “hated hated hated hated hated” a 1994 film directed by who ?
"text":"Which of these languages was spoken by humans centuries ago ?
"text":"What character is famous for both his love of carrots and his Brooklyn accent ?
"text":"In baseball, what word refers to a base that a player is not entitled to but takes anyway ?
"text":"In Spain, a short nap taken after lunch is known as what ?
"text":"Yo-Yo Ma is one of the world’s great players of what instrument ?
"text":"Now known as the Knicks, what is the original full name of Manhattan's NBA team ?
"text":"Anna Wintour is famous for sporting what kind of hairstyle ?
"text":"What constellation contains the North Star ?
"text":"What classic novel starts and ends with two fragments of the same sentence ?
"text":"By definition, which biblical figure is featured in artwork with a “Pietà” theme ?
"text":"Which of these Pokémon characters was NOT a gym leader in the original animated series ?
"text":"The first scene of the film “Jurassic Park” involves an accident with what dinosaur ?
"text":"Which of these jobs used to be awarded medals in the Olympics ?
"text":"Stanley Tucci is the real-life brother-in-law of his co-star in which of these films ?
"text":"“The Flintstones” debuted during whose presidency ?
"text":"What are first words spoken in the first video ever uploaded to YouTube ?
"text":"How do flutes used in jazz typically differ from flutes used to perform classical music ?
"text":"In classic Monopoly, a single bill in which of these colors is worth the least ?
"text":"The name of which island nation’s capital does NOT contain the word “King” ?
"text":"Which of these Oscar-winning films was adapted from a book ?
"text":"Which country’s current leader was born most recently ?
"text":"Which of these cities has hosted the Olympics only one time ?
"text":"Which movie did NOT get Tom Hanks an Oscar nomination ?
"text":"In which of these sports does each player carry a stick ?
"text":"According to a WSJ study, which football position has the shortest average NFL career length ?
"text":"What level of basketball has the shortest 3-point line, measured from basket to the top of the key ?
"text":"What pitcher set the record for most consecutive team losses in his postseason starts ?
"text":"Randy Moss once said “When you’re rich, you don’t” what ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a hall of fame that has enshrined Wilt Chamberlain ?
"text":"What did lightweight champion Khabib Nurmagomedov say would make him quit UFC ?
"text":"What women’s skier has the record for most World Cup victories, all time ?
"text":"What goaltender has the NHL record for scoring the most goals ?
"text":"What is the only pair of MLB teams to match up in a League Championship Series three years straight ?
"text":"What unique specification did Rasheed Wallace request for his 2004 Pistons championship ring ?
"text":"What is the only city to win three major American pro sports titles within 12 months ?
"text":"Which of these did the hip-hop group Run-DMC famously wear ?
"text":"Which of these rappers also goes by Slim Shady ?
"text":"Who famously rapped, “I’m not a businessman, I’m a business, man” ?
"text":"What artist refers to herself as “a regular degular schmegular girl from the Bronx” ?
"text":"Which musician had an album go platinum without any featured artists on its tracks ?
"text":"Who was featured in Word Up! magazine, according to Notorious BIG’s iconic line ?
"text":"“Ethered,” a term to describe a hip-hop artist getting absolutely owned, came from what rapper ?
"text":"In which Migos song is the title NOT repeated back to back, over and over in the chorus ?
"text":"Who once boasted, “Don’t worry if I write rhymes, I write checks” ?
"text":"Which of these areas in California gets a shoutout in the lyrics to Tupac’s “California Love” ?
"text":"Which musical act has NOT had a track produced by Kanye West ?
"text":"According to the lyrics of Salt-N-Pepa’s “Push It,” this dance is only for who ?
"text":"An old metaphor for deceiving someone is to pull what over their eyes ?
"text":"Which of these is a standard employee at a hotel ?
"text":"Suspension, arch, and cantilever are common types of what ?
"text":"Why did an auctioned work of art by the secretive artist Banksy recently make headlines ?
"text":"What dance craze was popularized by Chubby Checker ?
"text":"By definition, which of these Mexican foods is prepared by deep-frying ?
"text":"What spooky mythical creature is said to roam southern Florida ?
"text":"In which of these board games is the objective to capture your opponent’s flag ?
"text":"Which of these metals is ferromagnetic ?
"text":"A famous outflow of tainted water in East Antarctica has what unlikely color ?
"text":"Which of these chefs does NOT have a namesake restaurant ?
"text":"What was the first all-color film to win the Oscar for best movie of the year ?
"text":"Someone with no worries is said to “have it made in the” what ?
"text":"What did the band Three Dog Night call “the loneliest number” ?
"text":"What would you expect to see at the Louvre in Paris ?
"text":"Which is NOT a common way of saying “goodbye” in Spanish ?
"text":"What sauce results from adding cheese to a béchamel ?
"text":"Which of these is closest to the thickness of Saturn’s rings ?
"text":"The Village People featured which of these costumed personas ?
"text":"The McDonald’s Corporation was sued in the 1970s for creating characters too similar to whose ?
"text":"What English city is home to the soccer team whose fans are known as “Gooners” ?
"text":"What best-selling novel did Salman Rushdie call “so bad that it gives bad novels a bad name” ?
"text":"Which US state’s abbreviation is in the official Scrabble dictionary ?
"text":"In most of Latin America, “My Poor Little Angel” is the translated title of what film ?
"text":"Which of these is a traditional formation in American football ?
"text":"What league began regular season play last night ?
"text":"Catcher Yasmani Grandal just made history in the NLCS with a series of what ?
"text":"In the “Battle of the Sexes,” how many sets did Bobby Riggs win against Billie Jean King ?
"text":"What remaining MLB playoff team had the fewest regular season wins this year ?
"text":"Which “power five” conference is currently NOT represented in the top 10 in either NCAA football poll ?
"text":"Which sport can have the largest playing surface, in square feet ?
"text":"What soccer player currently holds the record for largest transfer fee ?
"text":"What NHL team rejected the winner of its own naming contest due to weapons connotations ?
"text":"In 1999, what golfer did Sports Illustrated declare to be “the best player in the game” ?
"text":"Which of these was NOT the name of an NBA team that predated the Bulls in Chicago ?
"text":"The NFL’s current active leader in career touchdowns plays what position ?
"text":"Which of these captains is a member of the Avengers ?
"text":"What term refers to any person that has been well-preserved after passing away ?
"text":"Until it came down in 1989, a heavily guarded wall split what city into two parts ?
"text":"Which type of cheese is Greek in origin ?
"text":"A 20-sided die with a letter on each side is packaged with which board game ?
"text":"Which is NOT one of the two fruits directly cross-bred to make tangelos ?
"text":"What planet in the Solar System has the most known moons ?
"text":"Which of these artists does NOT have a Grammy for Best Rap/Sung Performance ?
"text":"Which of these fabrics is typically stiffened for use in women’s clothing ?
"text":"The poem “Stopping By Woods on a Snowy Evening” dramatically repeats which word at the end ?
"text":"What is the southernmost place on Earth with a significant Welsh-speaking population ?
"text":"What TV show was the first to feature a provable math theorem written explicitly for television ?
"text":"Which of these liquids has zero calories ?
"text":"Aliens are stereotypically depicted as flying in what kind of vehicles ?
"text":"Which of these words is a homonym of “claws” ?
"text":"Which of these foods is traditionally eaten at Mardi Gras ?
"text":"Which of these naughty children from “Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory” is disposed of last ?
"text":"Who was the first black woman to win the Nobel Prize in Literature ?
"text":"In parts of Europe, a “Halloween Swede” is a local version of what ?
"text":"Which of these was a real prank Tyra Banks once pulled on her talk show audience ?
"text":"Which of these bands titled an album with the definition for “glossolalia” ?
"text":"In the 1800s, Coney Island had a large building in the shape of what ?
"text":"Which of these British actresses is NOT an official dame ?
"text":"The artist who released which of these hits also co-wrote a track on The Beatles’ debut album ?
"text":"“The Office” is mainly set at what company ?
"text":"Which character does NOT appear in the very first episode of “The Office” ?
"text":"What does Jim famously do to Dwight’s stapler ?
"text":"What is the name of Michael Scott’s screenplay ?
"text":"Jim famously says it was “not a bad day” after what happens ?
"text":"Which of these items is NOT inside Pam’s teapot gift from her Secret Santa ?
"text":"During the only Christmas party Dwight got to plan, which character passes out ?
"text":"What does Michael Scott say right before running over Meredith ?
"text":"Which of these three characters did NOT dress up as a cat for Halloween ?
"text":"Who operates the camera during “The Office” lip dub music video ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT an ingredient mentioned in Kevin’s famous chili ?
"text":"Where do Jim and Pam share their very first kiss ?
"text":"What rock singer famously sang that he “can’t get no satisfaction” ?
"text":"Which of these normally has a big hole in the center ?
"text":"In what sport is “balking” specifically not allowed ?
"text":"What typographical symbol is commonly used to indicate degrees of temperature ?
"text":"What US president campaigned with the unexplained phrase, “A thousand points of light” ?
"text":"Which Apple audio accessory was most recently introduced ?
"text":"Which Neil Simon play won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama ?
"text":"Which state does NOT have a chemical element named for it ?
"text":"Which of these words makes up the title for the hit video game “DOTA 2” ?
"text":"On a typical flag, the corner on top of the side by the flagpole is known as what ?
"text":"Which of these books would most likely have the highest Dewey Decimal number ?
"text":"Who helped create the TV show with the highest-rated series finale in US history ?
"text":"A large mass of snow rushing down a mountain is typically referred to as what ?
"text":"The most important bee in a hive is given what royal title ?
"text":"The curved pasta known in Italy as gomiti is usually called what in the US ?
"text":"Mr. Darcy appears in which Jane Austen novel ?
"text":"Acetone is the organic compound commonly found in what ?
"text":"Heat lightning is an erroneous weather term often given to lightning that is what ?
"text":"Which celebrity reality TV show premiered first ?
"text":"Which athlete plays for the NFL team with the highest value, according to Forbes ?
"text":"The film “Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs” does NOT feature which of these characters ?
"text":"According to the artist, the original art on the Macintosh computer box was inspired by who ?
"text":"Which of these fashion houses is the oldest ?
"text":"Which of these musical acts has Limp Bizkit NOT recorded a cover of ?
"text":"According to a famous nursery rhyme, there was an old woman who lived where ?
"text":"What position in basketball typically controls the team’s offense ?
"text":"The young of which of these animals is called a fawn ?
"text":"Which of these punctuation marks looks nothing like the other two ?
"text":"Which television network was one of the “Big Three” of the broadcast era ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT considered one of the human body’s pulse points ?
"text":"What is the capital of the US state with the longest official name ?
"text":"Which of these animals is considered capable of throwing up ?
"text":"Which of these presidents received the fewest number of votes in a national election for that office ?
"text":"A ship moving through the Panama Canal from the Atlantic to the Pacific goes mostly in which direction ?
"text":"According to “The Knot,” 2017’s most popular month to get married was what ?
"text":"In ceramics, what word refers to an unglazed pot ?
"text":"Friday is named after the Norse deity associated with what ?
"text":"Which of these actors has NOT played the devil ?
"text":"What is the English-language title of the first book released under the pseudonym Elena Ferrante ?
"text":"Which of these cities is east of Atlanta ?
"text":"What is the name of the young boy who befriends an alien in “E.T.” ?
"text":"A recent Oscar-winning film was titled “Three Billboards Outside” where ?
"text":"Which of these was NOT a real “Die Hard” sequel title ?
"text":"A big-budget 2011 film starred Ryan Reynolds as what superhero ?
"text":"Princess Buttercup is a character in which of these films ?
"text":"Which of these Daniel Day-Lewis films ends with the line, “I’m finished” ?
"text":"In “Mamma Mia,” which of the three potential fathers gives it his all in singing “SOS” ?
"text":"Jonah Hill was upset when which actor was cast in “Superbad” ?
"text":"Which of these films required parakeets to audition ?
"text":"Which Hollywood star served as a script doctor on “The Wedding Singer” ?
"text":"Which “Ex Machina” character is NOT played by an actor featured in a “Star Wars” movie ?
"text":"What does Hugh Grant say after Julia Roberts gives her famous “I’m just a girl standing in front of a boy” speech ?
"text":"Which is a nickname for the American flag ?
"text":"A positive number multiplied by a positive number makes what ?
"text":"The slang phrase “spilling the tea” usually refers to doing what ?
"text":"Which of these artists dropped a surprise new single earlier today ?
"text":"Which of these plants typically grows a beautiful, colorful flower ?
"text":"In the original “The Little Mermaid” tale, what does the title character do at the end ?
"text":"What company supplied the first computer to publicly beat a human grandmaster in chess ?
"text":"In its heyday, which of these fashion brands used a crest featuring terrier dogs ?
"text":"Guess ?
"text":"Carb Day, the Friday before the Indy 500, is traditionally a day for racers to do what ?
"text":"According to Yahoo! Finance, which of these three states has the most expensive date nights ?
"text":"Who starred in the film with the biggest-ever opening weekend with a female lead over 55 ?
"text":"Which artist does NOT appear in their own most-viewed music video on YouTube ?
"text":"When players win the MLB World Series, they typically each get a what ?
"text":"The Phanatic is the official mascot of what team ?
"text":"What position typically plays the closest to home plate ?
"text":"Which of these states does NOT currently host Major League Baseball Spring Training every year ?
"text":"Which of these players is the current active leader in career batting average ?
"text":"Who holds the National League record for most consecutive games played ?
"text":"Who is the only player to be named to at least six All-Star Games in both the NL and the AL ?
"text":"By regular-season wins, what franchise has the record for worst World Series winner of all time ?
"text":"Since 1900, which of these all-time single-season MLB records is held by the shortest person ?
"text":"Before Rickey Henderson took the career stolen base record from Lou Brock, who did Brock take it from ?
"text":"The first woman to pitch in the Negro leagues was known by what nickname ?
"text":"What city was the first to produce three straight World Series winners ?
"text":"Until rules changed, which of these was required by rule at one point in major-league baseball history ?
"text":"What was Ichiro Suzuki known for doing before every All-Star Game ?
"text":"The first World Series was decided in how many games ?
"text":"Which of these magazines focuses on fashion ?
"text":"Never forgetting how to ride a bike can be attributed to what concept ?
"text":"The Chinese method of cooking foods right at the table in a container of stock is known as what ?
"text":"What kind of tax usually comes directly out of your paycheck ?
"text":"Who starred in the famous “SNL” sketch as David S. Pumpkins ?
"text":"Which of these minerals is January’s birthstone ?
"text":"According to the books, what was James Bond’s family motto ?
"text":"The actor who portrayed what character in “Harold & Kumar” actually worked in the White House ?
"text":"The mascot to the Linux operating system is indigenous to which area ?
"text":"Which historical figure is referenced in the last single from “The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill” ?
"text":"The SuperNES game Mario Paint included a mini game that used which weapon ?
"text":"Who starred in a sitcom that featured a butler whose last name was Butler ?
"text":"Which of these words starts with the third letter of the English alphabet ?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a very old, very popular board game ?
"text":"In which sport do announcers rarely use the word “goal” ?
"text":"Which US president used a wheelchair for much of his presidency ?
"text":"Which of these sea creatures is known for having photophores ?
"text":"Which of these classic desserts is usually NOT flambéed during preparation ?
"text":"A famous 1960s experiment about delayed gratification is known as “The Stanford” what ?
"text":"Which of these viral dance crazes came along first ?
"text":"A muscle whose name means “two heads” in Latin is found in which body part ?
"text":"In what tennis Grand Slam did Serena Williams first win a match after giving birth ?
"text":"The voice actor of the main character in “Finding Nemo” was born with the same name as an iconic what ?
"text":"Which of these nations regularly changes the lyrics and title of its national anthem ?
"text":"In grade school, recess is typically a time for kids to do what ?
"text":"Which of these is a religious house of worship ?
"text":"You’re more likely to come across a mirage in what setting ?
"text":"Rock band Greta Van Fleet has been both praised and criticized for sounding just like what other artist ?
"text":"Which chess piece moves in what looks like an L-shape ?
"text":"“The Picture of Dorian Gray” is what kind of literary work ?
"text":"In “The Nightmare Before Christmas,” what is the name of Jack Skellington’s dog ?
"text":"During which of these yoga poses are the tops of your feet pressing into the mat ?
"text":"Which writer often lets aspiring filmmakers license their stories for just a dollar ?
"text":"Which of these world-famous museums sits farthest north ?
"text":"Traditionally, Christians believe what person wrote more books in the Bible than any other author ?
"text":"In the sequel to “Speed,” Keanu Reeves was replaced by the star of which vampire movie ?
"text":"What is the subtitle of the documentary set at “The Office” ?
"text":"What does Pam say to camera after agreeing to go out with Jim in the Season 3 finale ?
"text":"What was the question ?
"text":"Which character mainly goes by their middle name at the office ?
"text":"Where do the Office-mates often get drinks after work ?
"text":"Jim and Pam’s daughter shares a name with who ?
"text":"What was NOT one of the room themes at Dwight’s bed and breakfast ?
"text":"When the office gang goes to trivia night, which of these is the name of a competing team ?
"text":"After buying them from Holly, Michael tears up tickets to what concert ?
"text":"Which of these is an alias Dwight uses when he angrily threatens David Wallace over the phone ?
"text":"Which of these is a real name of one of Angela’s cats ?
"text":"Which film does NOT get co-opted as a story of grief in Michael’s grief counseling seminar ?
"text":"Which character dared to utter “that’s what she said” in a season after Michael left for Colorado ?
"text":"What does Oscar say, in Spanish, during his roast of Michael ?
"text":"Which of these was NOT a topping on Michael’s pretzel ?
"text":"What was the final line of Jim’s wedding toast to Pam ?
"text":"A saying used to boss people around is “my way or the” what ?
"text":"In the opening sentence of Charles Dickens’ “A Tale of Two Cities,” what was it NOT ?
"text":"Which of these leaders served as US president in the 19th century ?
"text":"What type of animal is a mongoose ?
"text":"What word can mean “employees” or be a system of musical notation ?
"text":"Which city’s NBA team name is a reference to a cloven-hoofed animal ?
"text":"What English county was the home of 19th-century inventors John Lea and William Perrins ?
"text":"In the jargon of video game design, what is the opposite of nerfing ?
"text":"What celebrity’s son is named Pilot Inspektor ?
"text":"Which infomercial product was NOT pitched by same person as the other two ?
"text":"What nation has competed in 18 Winter Olympics without taking home a single medal ?
"text":"According to astronomers, which of these would taste most like raspberries ?
"text":"Which of these wines is usually fizzy ?
"text":"As the name suggests, which architectural style incorporates ancient Italian traditions ?
"text":"By law, which TV network does NOT broadcast commercial ads ?
"text":"Which book has the same author as “Great Expectations” ?
"text":"What state’s capital is named for an American Revolutionary War hero ?
"text":"What was the 1983 sequel to “Saturday Night Fever” called ?
"text":"The mail-order pets “Sea-Monkeys” are actually what species of animal ?
"text":"Compared to its atomic number, an isotope of an element is defined by having a different number of what ?
"text":"What is the only state Ronald Reagan did NOT win in the 1984 presidential election ?
"text":"In the “Super Mario” universe, most of the “Koopalings” are named after what ?
"text":"What possession did Steve Jobs sell to fund the first Apple product ?
"text":"Disney’s “Aladdin” features a magical version of which of these things ?
"text":"What delicious dish do Lady and Tramp famously share ?
"text":"Which of these Disney songs was sung by a mermaid ?
"text":"In which of these films is one of the main characters from outer space ?
"text":"Which of these Disney heroines joins the military ?
"text":"In “The Emperor’s New Groove,” the emperor is turned into what kind of animal ?
"text":"Which of these Disney films is based on a story by the original author of the “The Little Mermaid” ?
"text":"Which animals are shown bowing first when Rafiki presents Simba to the kingdom in “The Lion King” ?
"text":"Which of these accessories does Disney’s classic Cinderella character wear to the ball ?
"text":"The first draft of “Toy Story” featured Woody as what kind of toy ?
"text":"What kind of tree does Baloo sing about in the lyrics of “The Bare Necessities” ?
"text":"What major event is being celebrated in “The Great Mouse Detective” ?
"text":"Which “Frozen” character was originally supposed to be named Thor ?
"text":"In which of these Disney films do all of the voice actors perform all their own singing ?
"text":"According to the lyrics of “Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious,” what problem does the word solve ?
"text":"Which of these Disney animated films had its theatrical release first ?
"text":"What name did Walt reportedly consider for Mickey Mouse before his wife talked him out of it ?
"text":"In the most recent live-action “The Jungle Book” remake, what does Mowgli use to summon King Louie ?
"text":"Which townsperson does NOT appear in the opening number of Disney’s animated “Beauty and the Beast” ?
"text":"According to the lyrics of the “Aladdin” song “Prince Ali,” what does Prince Ali NOT allegedly have ?
"text":"A Pixar short about what premiered theatrically before “A Bug’s Life” ?
"text":"For nearly two decades, the voice actors for which Disney couple were married in real life ?
"text":"Which movie does NOT feature the work of composing team Richard and Robert Sherman ?
"text":"Every player on a soccer field is permitted to strike the ball using which of these ?
"text":"The piece of equipment NASCAR uses to make cars go slower on their largest ovals is called a what ?
"text":"Baseball news from what month falls under the category known as “hot stove” ?
"text":"Which of these leagues just fired an official during the season for the first time ?
"text":"Which player has NOT already had a 50-point game this NBA season ?
"text":"Which of these schools features a mascot who often rides a motorcycle ?
"text":"What NHL team is so bad they caused a restaurant to lower the standard for giving out free fries ?
"text":"Who was the winning pitcher in the longest World Series game in history ?
"text":"What boxer holds the record for most consecutive wins ?
"text":"What was the nickname of the man who holds the record for pitching wins in a single season ?
"text":"The fastest recognized women’s marathon was run by an athlete from what nation ?
"text":"What player led the 1992 Dream Team in scoring in Barcelona ?
"text":"Horror villain Leatherface usually uses what weapon to wage terror ?
"text":"Which of these films features a region known as “The Sunken Place” ?
"text":"As explained in “Scream,” in order to survive a horror movie, which words must never be spoken ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT one of the lines in the Freddy Krueger nursery rhyme ?
"text":"According to its director, which horror film was intended to be comedic ?
"text":"Which film features a demon named Pazuzu ?
"text":"Which of these horror movie villains is considered an LGBTQ icon ?
"text":"Which of these films stars a future Oscar winner ?
"text":"What makes “Halloween III: Season of the Witch” different from the rest of the “Halloween” movies ?
"text":"What film features the line, “We'll be the ultimate family — a family of three joined together in one body” ?
"text":"What other movie title is shown in “Halloween” when Jamie Lee Curtis watches TV ?
"text":"Which iconic horror movie prop was NOT seen in the series’ original film ?
"text":"Which of these classic novels shares its name with a popular modern candy bar ?
"text":"“It’s chocolate, it’s peppermint, it’s delicious” is a “Seinfeld” quote about what candy ?
"text":"If you took almonds out of Almond Joys, they would be most similar to what other candy ?
"text":"In Canada, which of these candies is traditionally made with chocolate ?
"text":"Reese’s was forced to respond after consumers complained about the shape of what candy ?
"text":"According to a professor at Brandeis University, which candies have different scents but identical flavors ?
"text":"If you’re using the licorice as a straw, which of these generally has the largest hole at the center ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a shape of edible Halloween Peeps ?
"text":"Thanks to a 1930s law, which of these candies had been banned in the United States ?
"text":"Which of these is one of the five ingredients referenced in the name Take 5 ?
"text":"Which animal does NOT appear in the full version of the classic animated Tootsie Pop ad ?
"text":"From tip to base, what’s the order of colors on standard-recipe candy corn ?
"text":"Jack-o’-lanterns are usually carved out of what ?
"text":"Someone very much in love can be described as “head over” what ?
"text":"Which of these statistical graphs looks the most like a typical New York-style pizza ?
"text":"What does the word “poltergeist” literally mean in German ?
"text":"What is the main chemical released in the bodies of people experiencing fear ?
"text":"Someone from the New England area is most likely to call a big sandwich which of these ?
"text":"What classic series claimed to see what happened when people “stop being polite and start getting real” ?
"text":"What is the title of Enya’s massive hit song with the chorus, “Sail away, sail away, sail away” ?
"text":"Which of these US presidents had a vice president ?
"text":"Which of these terms means a musical piece should be played joyfully and moderately fast ?
"text":"Which two present-day continents used to be directly adjacent as part of the supercontinent Pangaea ?
"text":"By definition, a cynophobe would dislike significant parts of which of these films ?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a single-point shot in basketball ?
"text":"What word describes a soccer move where a player pretends to receive the ball, only to let it pass ?
"text":"What was the original name of the athlete who now goes by Metta World Peace ?
"text":"What player is now the NFL’s all-time leader in points ?
"text":"What was the first major American sports league to have an official betting sponsorship ?
"text":"Which of these plays is possible in the NFL ?
"text":"Which manager once wore a fake mustache and glasses to return to the dugout after an ejection ?
"text":"What NFL team was responsible for the last two times two first-round picks were traded for one player ?
"text":"The oldest gold medalist in the women’s European Championships competed in what sport ?
"text":"What school is NOT one of the two to produce a trio of Super Bowl-winning starting QBs ?
"text":"The only coach to win an NCAA and NBA title won with which two teams ?
"text":"Which of these baseball players won the fewest total World Series as a player ?
"text":"Which word is NOT traditionally spoken by children on Halloween ?
"text":"Which series of children’s horror books is by author RL Stine ?
"text":"What is Thing from “The Addams Family” ?
"text":"By definition, a person suffering from lycanthropy has qualities of what animal ?
"text":"Which of Freddy Krueger’s hands has a bladed glove ?
"text":"Which of these is the last day of the three-day “Allhallowtide” period ?
"text":"As Michael Jackson sings in “Thriller,” “There ain’t no second chance against the” what ?
"text":"The “Annabelle” horror films were inspired by what supposedly real haunted doll ?
"text":"In “The Nightmare Before Christmas,” what is the active ingredient that puts Dr. Finkelstein to sleep ?
"text":"Which of these characters is mentioned in Bobby Pickett’s “Monster Mash” ?
"text":"In the “Peanuts” Halloween TV special, who waits the longest with Linus in the patch for the Great Pumpkin ?
"text":"What nickname typically appears on New York license plates ?
"text":"In which horror movie is the villain stopped by four-leaf clovers ?
"text":"“Anything that can go wrong, will go wrong” is known as whose law ?
"text":"Which of these animals is unable to taste sweetness ?
"text":"What does the word “bodega” literally translate to in English ?
"text":"What term do cyclists often use to describe running out of energy during a race ?
"text":"Which of these places contains the name of a different Caribbean country ?
"text":"In the ’80s, what slogan preceded “The More You Know” in NBC’s public service announcements ?
"text":"Which “Sex and the City” actress was awarded an Emmy for her work on the show ?
"text":"On a classic-design soccer ball, what shape are the black panels ?
"text":"What NBA star rapped, “We can cut through the red tape and bust through the fakers” ?
"text":"Nicknamed the Godfather of Graffiti, the artist known as Seen once tagged what landmark ?
"text":"In folklore, Robin Hood stole from the rich and gave to who ?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a wrapped garment worn by ancient Romans ?
"text":"By definition, an invertebrate is an animal that lacks what body part ?
"text":"Yokozuna is the highest rank you can reach in what professional sport ?
"text":"In comic books, Jor-El is the father of what superhero ?
"text":"Which of these is a human blood type ?
"text":"Which of these classic Westerns is the remake of a Japanese film about samurai ?
"text":"What is the English name of the ÷ symbol ?
"text":"The albatross as a metaphor for a terrible burden comes from what poet ?
"text":"The first US patent granted to an African-American dealt with a process that led to what invention ?
"text":"The singer behind what ’90s hit once toured with Michael Jackson as a backup singer ?
"text":"What ’80s film features a celebration in honor of a real-life German baron ?
"text":"What do dogs usually wear to carry identifying information ?
"text":"Which of these activities is said to strengthen your abs ?
"text":"Which subatomic particle has a positive electric charge ?
"text":"A worm can sometimes be found in the bottom of a bottle of what kind of liquor ?
"text":"The viral meme “...but make it fashion” originated on what television show ?
"text":"What did Chicago's Wrigley Field NOT have until the 1980s ?
"text":"Which of these fragrant spices is in the same plant family as ginger ?
"text":"According to the King Arthur legend, who was Galahad’s dad ?
"text":"Which of these ’90s TV dogs communicated with viewers in English ?
"text":"In “The Matrix,” what does Morpheus say to Neo immediately after Neo famously learns kung fu ?
"text":"Which tech company’s headquarters’ grounds are inundated with bunnies ?
"text":"In which of these TV show’s pilots is a main character NOT celebrating a birthday ?
"text":"According to physicists, what is the fastest known thing in the universe ?
"text":"What mythical creature also refers to a person who tries to stir up trouble online ?
"text":"What is the title of James Blunt’s massive 2005 single ?
"text":"A puzzle where every letter of the alphabet substitutes for another is called what ?
"text":"Which kind of cheese is typically made from goat’s milk ?
"text":"What is the most common prior occupation of US presidents ?
"text":"Which of these animals runs at the highest average speed ?
"text":"The French feminist group “La Barbe” is known for wearing what during demonstrations ?
"text":"What animated film has the same director as the “Mad Max” movies ?
"text":"“Saved by the Bell: The Junior High Years” originally aired under what title ?
"text":"Cats with six toes on their paws are named for the author of what ?
"text":"In which movie is the name of the lead actress an anagram for “It’s-a me, Mario” ?
"text":"Which of these is a play that happens in basketball ?
"text":"A tigon is a real animal hybrid that is half tiger and half what ?
"text":"Which of these is a synonym for the word “cold” ?
"text":"In his debut game, Donkey Kong primarily uses what as weapons ?
"text":"What is one million times one million ?
"text":"What species is Swiper on “Dora the Explorer” ?
"text":"What was the setting for most of the action in the last “Back to the Future” film ?
"text":"The Twitter logo was named for a longtime player on which NBA basketball team ?
"text":"Which of these massive companies once sold noodles as its main product ?
"text":"Which river has two national capitals right across from each other ?
"text":"On a standard-issue board, which Monopoly property is NOT in the same color group as the other two ?
"text":"What is the only film adaptation of Stephen King’s work to win any kind of Oscar ?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a company once sold for billions of dollars ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a common type of screw that fastens items together ?
"text":"Who was the first non-mythical woman to appear on official US currency ?
"text":"What term refers to a player bouncing a basketball, holding it with both hands, then bouncing it again ?
"text":"What consensus first-round fantasy pick has refused to play NFL football this season ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT an obstacle found in the Olympic steeplechase event ?
"text":"What ailment did Simone Biles overcome this week to win a record fourth all-around world title ?
"text":"What college has the record for most first-round NFL draft picks in a single year ?
"text":"How was Bills QB Nathan Peterman’s career interception percentage affected by his 3-pick game yesterday ?
"text":"The current MLB team in Milwaukee used to be located in what other city ?
"text":"What innovative putting strategy does Bryson DeChambeau plan on using in 2019 ?
"text":"What was the last men’s D1 college basketball team to finish runner-up in back-to-back years ?
"text":"Against what team did Bobby Orr score his famous Stanley Cup-clinching “flying goal” ?
"text":"Which women’s college sport has had one team win the Division I title the most times ?
"text":"Which player had the greatest number of seasons with at least 30 home runs ?
"text":"Where does Dorothy long to go in “The Wizard of Oz” ?
"text":"Which Marvel superhero’s weapon of choice is a massive hammer ?
"text":"Which of these characters is NOT a wizard ?
"text":"Which of these large animated creatures is voiced by the star of “The Fast and the Furious” ?
"text":"In which film do the characters work at a fictional newspaper named the “New York Sun” ?
"text":"Which actor shouts “You want the truth ?
"text":"Seth Rogen made his feature film debut in a movie that memorably includes what ?
"text":"Which action film was directed by someone billed simply as “Kaos” ?
"text":"Which beloved character was portrayed by an actor who did rewrites on “Coyote Ugly” ?
"text":"Which movie’s villain is NOT seen blinking at any point during the film ?
"text":"Who Framed Roger Rabbit ?
"text":"Which film used the most dog actors to portray the lead canine ?
"text":"In “Jaws,” what line comes directly after Martin first says “you’re gonna need a bigger boat” ?
"text":"What is the name of one of the colors on the US flag ?
"text":"Which of these is an animal with a traditionally vegetarian diet ?
"text":"Which of these food terms comes from French ?
"text":"Which of these is a real position in rowing ?
"text":"What is the difference between a “wet” and a “dry” cappuccino ?
"text":"What is the first video game in the series whose most recent entry is “Red Dead Redemption 2” ?
"text":"What US state passed a law to let citizens vote from space ?
"text":"Which of these is the title of a classic beat poem ?
"text":"Which of these countries features compulsory voting in national elections ?
"text":"Which of these foods typically contains the greatest amount of cyanide ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a phase change of matter ?
"text":"What is the name of the US government’s largest supplier of gold ?
"text":"French press and pour over are methods for making what drink ?
"text":"Which of these body parts does NOT make up the nervous system ?
"text":"The meat in a traditional Buffalo wing comes from what animal ?
"text":"What are the names of the two old hecklers on “The Muppet Show” ?
"text":"It’s a tradition for the winner of the Indianapolis 500 to glug what type of beverage ?
"text":"Which of these stones is hard enough to scratch the other two ?
"text":"Which of these mega corporations once sponsored multiple Disneyland attractions ?
"text":"Historians believe Cleopatra’s lineage was almost entirely from where ?
"text":"In the wedding-themed “Brady Bunch” TV movie, which of the Brady girls gets engaged first ?
"text":"How did the official NHL rule book once refer to fights on the ice ?
"text":"Who broke up with Anthony Hopkins because she was terrified of his performance as Hannibal Lecter ?
"text":"What sport did astronaut Alan Shepard play on the moon ?
"text":"What Hall of Fame NBA player was once known as the “Round Mound of Rebound” ?
"text":"For what team did Wayne Gretzky score the greatest number of goals ?
"text":"By definition, what happens to the losing team in a series that ends in a “gentleman’s sweep” ?
"text":"Who is the most recent winner of the WNBA MVP ?
"text":"Harry Caray spent the greatest number of years announcing for what team ?
"text":"What QB has the record for best passer rating in his debut since the 1970 NFL/AFL merger ?
"text":"What was the last NBA team this season to take their first loss ?
"text":"At which level of basketball does the official ball have the largest maximum circumference ?
"text":"Which player broke a full decade of dominance by Messi and Ronaldo for Best FIFA Men’s Player award ?
"text":"What NASCAR racer deliberately bumped the leading driver to win at Martinsville ?
"text":"Who was the only player to beat out Jim Brown for a rushing title ?
"text":"Besides English, what is the other official language of Canada ?
"text":"In a newspaper op-ed piece, what does “op-ed” mean ?
"text":"Which of these documents contains a section known as the Bill of Rights ?
"text":"Which of these is a classic example of a “found footage” horror film ?
"text":"“Bass” as in guitar and “bass” as in fish are what ?
"text":"Which of these shows has the same theme song as “American Chopper” ?
"text":"The actor who released the poorly reviewed song “The Ballad of Bilbo Baggins” is more famous for what character ?
"text":"What is the mascot of the school where Michael Jordan played college basketball ?
"text":"Which of these authors appeared in a short film ?
"text":"The first US vice president with prominent American Indian ancestry served under who ?
"text":"In subatomic physics, which of these is NOT a “flavor” of quark ?
"text":"During WWII, the Allied powers developed plans to make a boat out of what unusual material ?
"text":"Which of these games is most often played outdoors ?
"text":"Hamstrings and quadriceps are found in what part of the human body ?
"text":"For decades, Bob Barker was most famous for doing what on television ?
"text":"What is the relevant title of Ariana Grande’s new single ?
"text":"Currently taking place, the festival known as Diwali is part of what culture ?
"text":"Washington DC is surrounded on three sides by what US state ?
"text":"A single amendment passed in Florida this week banned both offshore drilling and what ?
"text":"What did ET bring onto his spaceship when he left Earth ?
"text":"What sociological term refers to when cultural elements change outside the culture, then are re-imported ?
"text":"The restaurant chain famous for its “Grand Slam” began as a single location known as what ?
"text":"Of these animals, which has the most chromosomes ?
"text":"What was the birth name of the person who served as president of the US for two and a half years ?
"text":"Phoebe is known for her iconic song about what ?
"text":"What does Ross dress up as to impress his child during the holidays ?
"text":"What is Monica wearing when Chandler first tells her, “I love you” ?
"text":"After Ross doesn’t read Rachel’s letter, what is his response when Rachel tells him, “We are SOOOOOO over” ?
"text":"After Ross was forced to give up Marcel, where did the monkey first live ?
"text":"Who “helps out” Monica after she gets stung by a jellyfish in Montauk ?
"text":"How many claps are there in the “Friends” intro ?
"text":"What question topic causes Rachel and Monica to lose their apartment to Chandler and Joey ?
"text":"What does Chandler do for a living ?
"text":"What food did Joey’s date steal that prompts him to declare, “Joey doesn’t share food!” ?
"text":"Which of these actresses guest-starred on the two-part series finale ?
"text":"Which of these careers did Phoebe give to her alter ego, Regina Phalange ?
"text":"In an alternate-reality episode, the story Chandler sells to Archie Comics includes what key detail ?
"text":"What is the last thing said to Chandler before he is in the box at Thanksgiving ?
"text":"In the very first scene in “Friends,” which of these is NOT a question asked about Monica’s date ?
"text":"Does he like us ?
"text":"Does he eat chalk ?
"text":"Does he have a hump ?
"text":"What is celebrated in the US on the fourth Thursday in November ?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a respected European news magazine ?
"text":"Between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter is a massive belt consisting of many what ?
"text":"In what sport is it possible during normal play to literally tear the cover off of the ball ?
"text":"Which of these phrases is a third-person clause ?
"text":"Which of these fruits does NOT have a pit ?
"text":"Which US state shares a border with Maine ?
"text":"The Hubble Telescope’s most famous image of the Eagle nebula is known as the “Pillars of” what ?
"text":"In 2017, Pokémon introduced a mobile spin-off game devoted to what character ?
"text":"A test for female representation in movies is named for the cartoonist behind what acclaimed work ?
"text":"Which ’70s sitcom was neither created nor developed by Norman Lear ?
"text":"What are the final lyrics Michael Jackson sings on the album “Thriller” ?
"text":"Who captained the Titanic on its only voyage ?
"text":"Which sport is played without a ball ?
"text":"In what season does Australia celebrate Christmas ?
"text":"What type of song is José Feliciano’s “Feliz Navidad” ?
"text":"In poker, what does a straight flush need in order to be a royal flush ?
"text":"What fast-food chain’s “not-so-secret menu” offers an “animal style” burger ?
"text":"Which of these is taller than New York City’s One World Trade Center ?
"text":"Which “The Price Is Right” game features that earworm yodeling music ?
"text":"What are the plastic tips on the ends of shoelaces called ?
"text":"Which of these animals is a marsupial ?
"text":"In which of these places is it legal to divorce your spouse ?
"text":"Which of these movies did NOT win the Best Animated Feature Oscar ?
"text":"Baseball bats are traditionally made from what material ?
"text":"What is the bottom layer of a properly prepared s’more ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT the name of a Spice Girl ?
"text":"What social media unit is limited to 280 text characters ?
"text":"Which of these is a common style of hat ?
"text":"Which part of the face does NOT continue to get bigger through your entire life ?
"text":"Former members of New Edition reformed as what group ?
"text":"Which of these played a key role in the process of inventing the microwave oven ?
"text":"Which classic movie line is NOT from “Jerry Maguire” ?
"text":"What city’s NBA team has a mascot called “Moondog” ?
"text":"What modern technology was originally developed for use by an oil company ?
"text":"Which of these hit ’80s songs is a cover ?
"text":"The only day of the week that has a common one-word anagram is named for which of these ?
"text":"Which of these countries has a national anthem with official lyrics ?
"text":"Which of these words is NOT a contronym ?
"text":"Which best-selling author still writes all their books on a typewriter ?
"text":"Which of these TV characters was used in a ’90s magazine cover story asking, “Is Feminism Dead ?
"text":"Kelly Slater was the first person to win 10 world titles in what sport ?
"text":"After a blockbuster deal, what NBA team does Jimmy Butler now play for ?
"text":"Which of these teams is currently in position to make the College Football Playoff ?
"text":"Which of these results in a five-yard penalty in the NFL ?
"text":"What team won the first-ever World Baseball Classic ?
"text":"In the Super Bowl era, what NFL franchise has the record for most losses in a row ?
"text":"The soccer great who was red carded for a headbutt in the World Cup final played for what nation ?
"text":"In what Olympic events do women and men currently compete directly against each other ?
"text":"In men’s college basketball, what school has reached the NCAA final game the most times without losing it ?
"text":"What amount of runs can NOT be scored via a “boundary” in cricket ?
"text":"Who is the youngest woman to ever reach the WTA top 10 ?
"text":"Which of these famous baseball dads had the most career home runs ?
"text":"Baz Luhrmann’s “Romeo + Juliet” was based on a play by what writer ?
"text":"Holly Golightly is a main character of what classic film ?
"text":"“That’ll do, pig, that’ll do,” is the last line of what film ?
"text":"Which of these war movies is set most recently ?
"text":"In the first “John Wick” film, what kind of dog is given to John Wick ?
"text":"Who recorded the baby’s gurgles in the musical number “Magic Dance” from “Labyrinth” ?
"text":"Which of these films was promoted with the tagline “Mack Is Back” ?
"text":"Which film’s director cast their real-life mother in a significant role ?
"text":"Which “Alien” film does NOT feature the line, “Here, kitty, kitty, kitty” ?
"text":"Which of these auteurs has directed the fewest number of feature-length films ?
"text":"In a compliment, Roger Ebert once compared which of these teen films to “Citizen Kane” ?
"text":"Which of these “Ghostbusters” lines is NOT spoken by a character in the original film ?
"text":"Who you gonna call ?
"text":"Spider-Man, Black Panther, and Thor are all co-creations of what iconic comic book writer ?
"text":"The English title of philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre’s most famous book is “Being and” what ?
"text":"What planet is closest to the Sun ?
"text":"In show business, what does “MC” typically stand for ?
"text":"The actor behind which of these characters will voice Pikachu in an upcoming film ?
"text":"Which of these animals often has a dewlap ?
"text":"Who was the first US president born after World War II ?
"text":"What film series’ events are set in motion by the misbehavior of the Weyland-Yutani Corporation ?
"text":"What NBA team name was chosen from a poll that included Foresters, Jays, and Presidents ?
"text":"Believing that Mark Twain said, “Golf is a good walk spoiled” is an example of what ?
"text":"Why was The Kinks song “Lola” banned from airplay on BBC Radio ?
"text":"Who was NOT one of the co-creators of the TV comedy “Get Smart” ?
"text":"“Little Shop of Horrors” famously features a singing what ?
"text":"What musical featuring Sharks and Jets had a bilingual Broadway revival in 2009 ?
"text":"Which of these bands’ catalogs have been used for a Broadway musical ?
"text":"Which musical features the choreography of Bob Fosse ?
"text":"“A Change in Me” is a song written specifically for the stage version of which Disney musical ?
"text":"“Hair” was the Broadway debut of which iconic actress ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT one of the ways to measure a year, according to “Rent” ?
"text":"Which musical features a chorus of Laker Girls ?
"text":"Complete this quote from the original “Oliver!” musical: “Please, sir,” what ?
"text":"Give me some more ?
"text":"May I have some more ?
"text":"The playwright behind “Ragtime” also wrote the book to which musical ?
"text":"Which “Hamilton” song features Lin-Manuel Miranda doing an impression of Ja Rule ?
"text":"What is the main setting for the musical “Les Misérables” ?
"text":"When a quarterback takes the snap and lunges across the line of scrimmage, it’s called a “QB” what ?
"text":"Which kind of golf club is designed to hit the ball with the highest launch angle ?
"text":"Who is this year’s American League Manager of the Year ?
"text":"Spud Webb was the shortest player in NBA history to do what ?
"text":"Who is the only player to hit 15 home runs and strike out 50 batters in a single MLB season ?
"text":"The NFL’s all-time leader in head coaching victories has NOT coached for which of these teams ?
"text":"What school has the longest active streak of appearances in the NCAA Men’s Basketball Tournament ?
"text":"What woman overcame polio to win Olympic gold in the 100, 200, and 4x100 meter relay ?
"text":"Instead of flipping a coin, an English soccer ref was recently suspended for having players do what ?
"text":"Who scored at even strength, shorthanded, power play, in an empty net, and by penalty shot in one NHL game ?
"text":"What was the most recent World Series between two teams with no prior championships in franchise history ?
"text":"Who has the record for most consecutive shots made in a round in the NBA Three-Point Shootout ?
"text":"What language needs to be spoken to open the Chamber of Secrets ?
"text":"Which of these spells would a witch or wizard use to stop someone from moving ?
"text":"Instead of “muggle,” the Magical Congress of the United States of America uses what synonym ?
"text":"What is Mad-Eye Moody’s real first name ?
"text":"Who is mentioned as Dumbledore’s partner on his chocolate frog card ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT referenced in the official Hogwarts school song ?
"text":"Of the Deathly Hallows symbols, which shape represents the hallow Harry used first ?
"text":"In Quidditch’s original form, what role was played by a magical creature ?
"text":"What person took the shape of Albus Dumbledore’s boggart ?
"text":"Which of these is the title of a book by Gilderoy Lockhart ?
"text":"Which is NOT a listed ingredient in the recipe Hermione finds for polyjuice potion in the library ?
"text":"Which of these was founded most recently ?
"text":"If a chaser keeps her hand on the quaffle as it goes through the goal, what foul is she committing ?
"text":"Which creature might you create by leaving a magical fire unattended ?
"text":"Which of these people once held possession of the Elder Wand ?
"text":"Which of these is a common part of an automobile ?
"text":"What are London police officers traditionally known as ?
"text":"Which of these animals has been classified as a pachyderm ?
"text":"Surprisingly, which of these film soundtracks reached the top of the iTunes US Album chart this week ?
"text":"The quote “I regret that I have but one life to lose for my country” is attributed to what American patriot ?
"text":"Whose autobiography was called “The Motorcycle Diaries” ?
"text":"Which movie franchise has NOT become a Lego video game ?
"text":"According to recent headlines, which English royal not only allows squirrels inside, but also names them ?
"text":"From Detroit, you can cross the Ambassador Bridge into what Canadian province ?
"text":"The University of Queensland’s famous “pitch drop experiment” is a study in what field ?
"text":"What NFL team won 1988’s infamous “Fog Bowl” ?
"text":"What rapper personally thanked “Weird Al” Yankovic for parodying his song ?
"text":"According to American tradition, where did the Pilgrims land in 1620 ?
"text":"What musical genre was Elvis Presley called “The King” of ?
"text":"What is a key ingredient in traditional latkes ?
"text":"Which show was a spinoff of the legal drama “JAG” ?
"text":"The shark fin that typically sticks above the surface of the water is called what ?
"text":"In what decade were two Winter Olympics held two years apart ?
"text":"What ’80s arcade game was controlled with handlebars built into the cabinet ?
"text":"Which US president was, at one time, the biggest whiskey producer in the United States ?
"text":"Which city gets its name from a wild relative of the onion ?
"text":"What must a Major League Baseball player be to hit a “walk-off” home run ?
"text":"The “20th Century Fox Fanfare” was written by the uncle of the composer of what Oscar-winning song ?
"text":"Which of these product mascots was NOT a real person ?
"text":"Which of these is a residence of Britain’s Royal Family ?
"text":"What language did Spanish largely evolve from ?
"text":"What is the only state flag to depict a family of pelicans ?
"text":"How is Texas toast different from default American toast ?
"text":"Which is NOT the subject of a Ken Burns documentary ?
"text":"A July 1969 issue of “The New York Times” ran an infamous correction on what topic ?
"text":"In his lifetime, Walt Disney’s only Best Picture Oscar nomination was for what film ?
"text":"Bruce Springsteen recorded his song “Hungry Heart” only after who turned it down ?
"text":"Which of these elements is a metal ?
"text":"According to the so-called “Lombardi Curse,” what team could NOT win the Super Bowl ?
"text":"The classic video game “Portal” features an “Anger Core” voiced by the lead singer of what band ?
"text":"Who speaks first in Shakespeare’s longest play ?
"text":"Which of these places was once part of the ancient Assyrian Empire ?
"text":"Which of these dishes is most likely to be vegan ?
"text":"Which of these instruments is in the woodwind family ?
"text":"In the original “Pac-Man,” touching the large flashing dots changes whose appearance ?
"text":"Cashmere gets its name from which of these animals ?
"text":"Which of these legendary painters is known by their first name ?
"text":"Which US state flag features both partial nudity and weapons ?
"text":"If Disney’s “Pinocchio” had been fully accurate to the book, who would have died ?
"text":"Which Tom Cruise film pays homage to a real-life person named Dick Trickle ?
"text":"The founder of Reuters also ran a service that communicated financial news via what method ?
"text":"By definition, what type of prison structure is entered through a hole at the top ?
"text":"On the day of OJ Simpson’s Bronco chase, what sports event was NOT taking place ?
"text":"Which of these is considered a leafy green ?
"text":"A person who preps food in a restaurant kitchen is commonly known as what ?
"text":"The sport sometimes known as “frolf” is a combination of what two words ?
"text":"As a complete sentence, which of these is grammatically correct ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a type of mushroom ?
"text":"When viewed from Earth, which of these gas giants is mostly blue ?
"text":"Olympic sprinting events are officially measured in what unit ?
"text":"Which US TV network was the last to air the tradition known as “Saturday morning cartoons” ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT considered a poetic nickname for England ?
"text":"Denver’s largest airport is infamous for having an imposing sculpture of what ?
"text":"Which of these Greek philosophers is known to have met the other two ?
"text":"The DC Comics character Harley Quinn was inspired by a character from what ?
"text":"Who marries Laurie at the end of “Little Women” ?
"text":"The talent agent credited with signing Simon and Garfunkel is better known for launching a line of what comestible ?
"text":"“Makes me sick” was Charles Darwin’s reaction to the sight of which animal feature ?
"text":"The woman who wrote Aerosmith’s “Armageddon” soundtrack hit also wrote songs for who ?
"text":"Which former Soviet republic has a capital city whose name literally translates to “the capital” ?
"text":"Which of these “Real World” seasons came first ?
"text":"Which of these increased the physical size of the US the most ?
"text":"In volleyball, which of these is a move that often comes before the set and the spike ?
"text":"Which award is given to the MLB player deemed to be the best defender at his position ?
"text":"Who is the oldest person to reach the No. 1 ranking in men’s tennis history ?
"text":"Which team was NOT coached to the NBA title by the man nicknamed “the Zen Master” ?
"text":"The first woman to officially compete in the Boston Marathon did so under what name ?
"text":"Which world-record throw covered the shortest distance ?
"text":"Which player has the all-time record for most Associated Press NFL MVP awards ?
"text":"What NHL team is currently home to this season’s leaders in both points and plus-minus ?
"text":"What women’s college basketball team had the most wins in an undefeated season ?
"text":"Which of these honors is currently chosen partially by both sportswriters and fans ?
"text":"Which golfer has NOT completed a career Grand Slam ?
"text":"In which category did Babe Ruth NOT ever lead the American League at the end of the season ?
"text":"Who is one of the main villains in the Marvel Cinematic Universe ?
"text":"What is Groot known for saying ?
"text":"Which of these characters is NOT a member of the Avengers in the MCU films ?
"text":"What is Killmonger’s first name ?
"text":"In which of these films is the final pre-credits dialogue the title of the movie ?
"text":"Which Marvel film mentions the real-world meme, “What are thoooose ?
"text":"In his first standalone film, what is Thor’s name on his driver’s license ?
"text":"How does Iron Man introduce Spider-Man at the airport in “Captain America: Civil War” ?
"text":"In the first “Avengers” movie, which character utters the words “Hulk smash” ?
"text":"In which film does Stan Lee cameo as a bartender ?
"text":"Which Marvel film does NOT include either an appearance or dialogue by the original TV Hulk ?
"text":"Which Marvel Chris has been in more MCU films than the others ?
"text":"As viewed from Earth, what is usually the brightest celestial object in the night sky ?
"text":"Secret bars established during Prohibition in the United States were called what ?
"text":"According to a popular meme from this year, who is Meechee ?
"text":"Which of these is a real principal base character class in “Dungeons & Dragons” ?
"text":"How is the upcoming film “Once Upon a Deadpool” different from the recent film “Deadpool 2” ?
"text":"The HBO series “My Brilliant Friend” is based on an acclaimed novel from what country ?
"text":"Which human organ is unique in its ability to regrow itself on its own ?
"text":"Which of these Fleetwood Mac albums came out after Lindsey Buckingham initially quit the band ?
"text":"Tupperware is a famous early example of what kind of marketing model ?
"text":"What royal family member was part of the scandal known as Squidgygate ?
"text":"What Kubrick movie gives a nickname to the medical condition known as “alien hand syndrome” ?
"text":"Which of these is usually described as the opposite of déjà vu ?
"text":"What TV show promoted future episodes at the “same bat-time” and “same bat-channel ?
"text":"On commercial flights, the lowest class offered is often known as what ?
"text":"What operating system famously showed a “blue screen of death” as Bill Gates demonstrated it at COMDEX ?
"text":"Which of these vocal ranges is the lowest ?
"text":"What is NOT needed to calculate an airplane’s “Mach Number” ?
"text":"The muffuletta sandwich gets its name from which of its parts ?
"text":"In Roman mythology, the goddess Venus was born out of what ?
"text":"Who does NOT appear in the classic play “Waiting for Godot” ?
"text":"Which natural disaster is also a Major League Soccer team name ?
"text":"Using standard positions on a QWERTY keyboard, the capital of which state is typed entirely with one hand ?
"text":"Now known under a different name, Binney & Smith, Inc. has produced billions of products aimed at who ?
"text":"Al Gore’s college roommate went on to star in what film ?
"text":"What fruit is cider usually made from ?
"text":"Gravy is often served in a container named what ?
"text":"Chives, dill, parsley, and buttermilk are traditional ingredients in what kind of dressing ?
"text":"Thanks to their property when ripe, cranberries are nicknamed what ?
"text":"Which of these breads is typically made with yeast ?
"text":"How does the USDA recommend cooking stuffing ?
"text":"Which of these ingredients is traditionally found in pumpkin pie spice ?
"text":"The combination of pistachio pudding, marshmallows, and pineapple is traditionally known as what ?
"text":"According to Merriam-Webster, which is the correct pronunciation of the nut produced by hickory trees ?
"text":"Which of these terms typically refers to a very different plant outside North America ?
"text":"Green bean casserole was invented specifically for Americans to consume more of what food ?
"text":"Which of these products has been around the longest ?
"text":"Which of these is a common nickname for a football ?
"text":"What would John Madden award to the players who were the MVPs of the primetime Thanksgiving game ?
"text":"How many laterals are allowed on a single football play ?
"text":"What QB was the leader of the high-powered offense nicknamed “The Greatest Show on Turf” ?
"text":"Since the AFL-NFL merger, what is the only football team to play on every Thanksgiving Day ?
"text":"Which term describes a defensive formation with only six defensive backs ?
"text":"Which active player has two of the top 25 single-game rushing totals of all time ?
"text":"Which of these players did NOT score when the Bears beat the Patriots in the ‘86 Super Bowl ?
"text":"What player has thrown touchdown passes to the greatest number of different receivers ?
"text":"What term describes a receiver who lines up on the line of scrimmage ?
"text":"What NFL team does NOT share the record for most wins in a championship season ?
"text":"Which of these QBs has thrown a Super Bowl-winning touchdown in the game’s final minute ?
"text":"What group celebrated the first-ever Thanksgiving with the Wampanoag Native Americans ?
"text":"Which character has been featured in the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade the most ?
"text":"Which famous cook helped to popularize deep-fried turkeys in the ’90s ?
"text":"Which NFL team has NOT played a home game on the past 50 Thanksgivings ?
"text":"In a classic “Friends” Thanksgiving episode, what is NOT included in Rachel’s trifle recipe ?
"text":"In “Rocky,” what does Paulie do to Adrian’s Thanksgiving turkey ?
"text":"What city has America’s oldest active Thanksgiving Day Parade ?
"text":"Which of these directors filmed most of an acclaimed movie on Thanksgiving ?
"text":"Why did FDR change Thanksgiving from always being the last Thursday in November ?
"text":"Which of these foods was probably part of the Pilgrims’ first Thanksgiving feast ?
"text":"Reportedly, which of these songs was written to celebrate Thanksgiving ?
"text":"According to science, which of these is the primary culprit in drowsiness following a Thanksgiving meal ?
"text":"What was the first name of the host of “Mr. Rogers’ Neighborhood” ?
"text":"Before power windows in cars, people had to use what to roll them down ?
"text":"“Larger Than Life” was a hit song for what boy band ?
"text":"“The New York Times” caused a sensation when it recommended putting what ingredient in guacamole ?
"text":"What was the name of the plane that was advertised with the slogan “Arrive before you leave” ?
"text":"What was the film sequel to “National Velvet” ?
"text":"Compared to today, which of these US coins was a different color in 1943 ?
"text":"The actors behind the onscreen king and queen of which movie are NOT the same as the other two ?
"text":"When letters were first added to telephone rotary dials, which of these words could NOT have been spelled out ?
"text":"Who gave silent film star Joseph Keaton the nickname “Buster” ?
"text":"What was the name of one of Ronald Reagan’s chiefs of staff ?
"text":"What musical act prompted Ed Sullivan to say, “My little chickadees… QUIET!” to his TV show audience ?
"text":"Which of these vehicles typically works underwater ?
"text":"What computer component is named for an animal ?
"text":"The children’s game Hot Potato traditionally centers on which of these things ?
"text":"Which of these famous painters was NOT Dutch ?
"text":"What type of logical fallacy happens when someone attacks the arguer rather than the argument ?
"text":"With more than 1.6 million residents, what state has the most populous capital ?
"text":"What toy company was named for a sound made by its first product ?
"text":"What breakfast food was spun off from TV’s “Family Matters” ?
"text":"One of the first hidden tracks on a record album had what title ?
"text":"Which is NOT one of the three Pythagorean means ?
"text":"Domestically, the highest-ever grossing musical documentary follows the singer of which song ?
"text":"What Do You Mean ?
"text":"In 2014, a Kickstarter campaign went viral for trying to raise money to make what BBQ menu item ?
"text":"According to an old saying, the squeaky wheel gets what ?
"text":"Who is Mickey Mouse's longtime girlfriend ?
"text":"Where would you most likely find a listicle ?
"text":"Which of these Shakespeare characters has been played by Leonardo DiCaprio ?
"text":"By definition, if two words are “cognate,” they have the same what ?
"text":"Who is NOT credited as a co-discoverer of DNA’s double-helix shape ?
"text":"Which Dr. Seuss-created species is notoriously stubborn ?
"text":"Which of these bands shares its full name with a brand of candy ?
"text":"What very modern sport features a trophy named for Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak ?
"text":"Which province does NOT touch Canada’s “Four Corners” monument ?
"text":"What is the name of the atmosphere of a comet ?
"text":"What relative of John Wilkes Booth saved the life of Abraham Lincoln’s son ?
"text":"At the start of the famous Black Sabbath song, what device helped Ozzy Osbourne announce that he was “Iron Man” ?
"text":"The Barenaked Ladies song “One Week” mentions the director of which of these films ?
"text":"What classic video game character has offspring who starred in their own arcade game ?
"text":"Which of these is a common punch thrown in boxing ?
"text":"What golfer won $9 million in a one-on-one match this past weekend ?
"text":"What college basketball team won the Maui Invitational tournament this week ?
"text":"In the Super Bowl era, what QB has the most carries in a single game ?
"text":"Which marathon provides the greatest amount of prize money to the winner ?
"text":"Who is the only MLB player to win a Silver Slugger at two positions in the same year ?
"text":"What NFL receiver has the record for most catches in his first five seasons ?
"text":"Which of these current WNBA stars is also an official member of an NBA team’s front office ?
"text":"Who is the only player in NHL history with more than 500 goals and 2,500 penalty minutes ?
"text":"What nation defeated the Olympic USA men’s basketball team the greatest number of times ?
"text":"Since 1950, what MLB player hit for the cycle more than any other ?
"text":"Using points-per-reception scoring rules, what RB had the highest scoring fantasy football season of all time ?
"text":"What makes the house in “Up” fly ?
"text":"“The Blind Side” is a film primarily about what sport ?
"text":"Which song does the cast of ’80s classic “The Big Chill” dance around the kitchen to ?
"text":"Walter Matthau and Jack Lemmon were NOT an on-screen duo in which film ?
"text":"Meredith Blake is the villain in which kids’ movie ?
"text":"Which of these is a title in the Richard Linklater “Before Sunrise” series ?
"text":"Which James Bond did Judi Dench NOT appear with as M ?
"text":"Werner Herzog has directed a documentary about which of these subjects ?
"text":"Which Sylvester Stallone film ends with a high five ?
"text":"In the famous “The Breakfast Club” scene of the cast sliding across the hall, who slides into frame last ?
"text":"What does Bruce Willis say after Haley Joel Osment admits, “I see dead people” ?
"text":"Like who ?
"text":"In your dreams ?
"text":"Are you sure ?
"text":"Which movie’s final performance scene ends in a slow clap ?
"text":"Which planet do all known humans currently live on ?
"text":"What ingredient is essential in traditional granola ?
"text":"By definition, what is a matriarch ?
"text":"The new “Creed” film features the return of the main villain of what earlier film ?
"text":"Where do human adults produce new blood cells ?
"text":"NASA’s InSight lander is now on Mars, planning to do which of these things ?
"text":"Lower Austria is the northernmost state of where ?
"text":"What “infomercial king” pitched the Showtime Rotisserie, pocket fisherman, and smokeless ashtray ?
"text":"Which of these musical acts did NOT have a Billboard No. 1 hit called “The Power of Love” ?
"text":"Who is the title character of the third “Ace Ventura” movie ?
"text":"The unique theoretical structures found inside neutron stars are named after what ?
"text":"The plaque at the base of the Statue of Liberty features what form of poetry ?
"text":"Michael Jordan was a legendary player in what sport ?
"text":"1920s Republicans campaigned for US president promising to put what “in every pot” ?
"text":"Which of these tiny things is the smallest ?
"text":"Which English word spells a different English word backwards ?
"text":"A rhinoceros horn is made out of what ?
"text":"What two European cities combined in the late 1800s to form a national capital ?
"text":"Which of the Three Stooges was NOT a real-life relative to the other two ?
"text":"Which religious emblem is permitted on headstones issued by the US Department of Veterans Affairs ?
"text":"Whose unconventional talk show appearance made David Letterman say, “I’m sorry you couldn’t be here tonight” ?
"text":"A “half nelson” describes what ?
"text":"What is the nickname of the starting pitcher the Yankees recently traded for ?
"text":"Measured from its two farthest points, which of these is the shortest ?
"text":"This season, what college football team failed to qualify for a bowl for the first time since 1981 ?
"text":"Last season, what team fell one victory short of the longest win streak in NHL history ?
"text":"What former champ just returned to MMA seven years after retiring, only to get KO’d in round one ?
"text":"Who is the only MLB player to receive the MVP award in both leagues ?
"text":"Who was the last player to be chosen No. 1 in the NBA draft straight out of high school ?
"text":"The Tewaaraton Award is given to the most outstanding player in what college sport ?
"text":"Which quarterback started in the game with the highest combined age between starting QBs ?
"text":"What nation is NOT among those tied for the most women’s Olympic field hockey gold medals ?
"text":"What city is fourth behind New York, Boston, and Chicago in titles across all four major North American leagues ?
"text":"What is the capital of New Jersey ?
"text":"Which of these is a chemical element ?
"text":"Which of these novels is by HG Wells ?
"text":"By definition, how are chicken croquettes typically cooked ?
"text":"Which of these is a famous example of an Andy Warhol sculpture ?
"text":"Red Star OS is the official computer operating system of what nation ?
"text":"In what city do the NFL, NHL, and MLB teams all have the same team colors ?
"text":"Sardar Patel was the subject of what world record ?
"text":"What is NOT counted when determining an atom’s mass number ?
"text":"What do die-hard “Full House” fans look for to tell whether Mary-Kate or Ashley is playing Michelle ?
"text":"By rule, what British official lives at 10 Downing Street ?
"text":"Which Steven Spielberg film does NOT have a character with the last name Brody ?
"text":"What kind of “Pad” is sold by Apple Inc. ?
"text":"Which of these do players typically pass in a game of Monopoly ?
"text":"In live entertainment, what does “SRO” stand for ?
"text":"What is a necessary ingredient in huevos rancheros ?
"text":"This week, a cow went viral around the world for what ?
"text":"According to a hugely popular meme, “They did surgery on a” what ?
"text":"What US president’s inauguration was the first to be live-streamed on the internet ?
"text":"Which of these actors received an Oscar nomination for his film debut ?
"text":"What Monty Python member was president of Britain’s Royal Geographical Society ?
"text":"What mythical creature is mentioned nine times in the King James Bible ?
"text":"In 1980, who replaced “The Catman” in KISS ?
"text":"What was accidentally invented while trying to develop a material to clean wallpaper ?
"text":"What did the extremely mean soup chef on “Seinfeld” famously yell ?
"text":"Who is this soup for ?
"text":"What kind of baked good does Jerry steal from an elderly woman ?
"text":"In Season 7, George goes on a date with what real-life actress ?
"text":"Which of these characters does NOT appear in every “Seinfeld” episode ?
"text":"What type of Pez dispenser does Jerry put on Elaine’s purse ?
"text":"What is Cosmo Kramer’s middle name ?
"text":"What does David Puddy think the afterlife will be like for Elaine ?
"text":"When Jerry’s girlfriend tells him he can never use the belly button voice again, who does he fantasize using the voice on ?
"text":"George thinks that it may have been the “kinship of all living things” that helped him do what ?
"text":"In the episode featuring Festivus, who is the target of Frank Costanza’s first grievance ?
"text":"When Jerry and Elaine try to rekindle their relationship, what excuse does he give for not spending the night ?
"text":"When Kramer declares he’s out of the contest, who is eating ?
"text":"What color was Jerry’s girlfriend’s toilet toothbrush ?
"text":"Which is NOT one of George’s fake horses he describes when driving Susan’s parents to the Hamptons ?
"text":"Which of these brands makes the largest cars ?
"text":"The Ming Dynasty once ruled in which present-day place ?
"text":"Which of these books was written by Emily Brontë ?
"text":"What does the “Ph” stand for in the academic degree Ph.D ?
"text":"“Regrets, I’ve had a few, but then again too few to mention” is from what classic Sinatra song ?
"text":"What green alcoholic drink is often served with a sugar cube ?
"text":"The scientist on “Futurama” was named in homage to the inventor of what ?
"text":"Which of these was NOT a popular dance in the early 20th century ?
"text":"What field of study is concerned with modal particles ?
"text":"Which capital city is south of the equator ?
"text":"Which way does a comet’s tail point ?
"text":"“A113” is an Easter egg seen in many films made by who ?
"text":"Which of these is the title of a real, widely-known song ?
"text":"The Treaty of Versailles ended what global conflict ?
"text":"Which animal is a crustacean ?
"text":"Which movie franchise currently has the most theatrically released installments ?
"text":"Omelettes with ham, onions, and green peppers are often named after what state’s capital ?
"text":"Which ’80s music video did NOT make extensive use of black-and-white animation ?
"text":"The sequel card game to Uno is called what ?
"text":"Which of these letters appears on a current list of all chemical elements ?
"text":"While the White House was being built, George Washington’s official office was in what building ?
"text":"TV shows have traditionally produced “bottle episodes” for what purpose ?
"text":"Rapper Busta Rhymes was given his stage name in tribute to an athlete from which sport ?
"text":"In the iconic “Risky Business” dance scene, what is Tom Cruise wearing ?
"text":"Midwestern US state fairs often feature sculptures of cows made from what ?
"text":"Which name refers to the ancient landmass that predates all current continents ?
"text":"Which of these professionals would be most likely to care about a T-zone ?
"text":"Which of these underwater organisms is technically an animal ?
"text":"Which of these is a real condition that ducks can develop if you feed them bread ?
"text":"What catchphrase made a celebrity out of 81-year-old Clara Peller in 1984 ?
"text":"Where’s the beef ?
"text":"Which of these literary characters lived in the castle of Cair Paravel ?
"text":"What future Oscar winner starred in “Weird Al” Yankovic’s “White & Nerdy” music video ?
"text":"In the American south, superstition holds that burying bourbon before a wedding will do what ?
"text":"Which of these is one of the six official languages of the United Nations ?
"text":"Which of these band names appears on the famous Beatles “Sgt. Pepper” album cover ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a stated profession of a main “Love Actually” character ?
"text":"According to the book titles, which did the Berenstain Bears NOT have “too much” of ?
"text":"A 2011 lawsuit between two oral care companies concerned the depiction of which of these ?
"text":"Which of these creatures roamed the earth more recently than the others ?
"text":"Which of these movies has a famous scene featuring the anthem of the European Union ?
"text":"Which of these influential startups did NOT have a female co-founder ?
"text":"Which of these products has a secret recipe famously known by just two living people ?
"text":"Which of these songs is by an artist who never had another US Top 40 hit ?
"text":"What poem was written by the father of the person considered to be the first computer programmer ?
"text":"An indecisive person is often said to be “sitting on” what ?
"text":"The first polka song to appear on Billboard’s Digital Sales chart was by what artist ?
"text":"Which of these items is traditionally associated with Hanukkah ?
"text":"Which bird species is NOT known for speaking English ?
"text":"What is a common preparation method for so-called “refried beans” ?
"text":"The youngest member of what band recently married Bollywood icon Priyanka Chopra ?
"text":"What Microsoft mp3 player was discontinued earlier this decade ?
"text":"Which state has a capital located on the Mississippi River ?
"text":"What is Maryland’s improbable state sport ?
"text":"George Washington’s likeness on the one-dollar bill is taken from a painting by who ?
"text":"Siberia’s Institute of Cytology and Genetics has a statue honoring what animal’s role in science ?
"text":"Which of these classic films did legendary film critic Pauline Kael famously dislike ?
"text":"An old saying tells us “beauty is in the eye of the” what ?
"text":"What president saw the US through its civil war ?
"text":"What word can refer to either sports equipment or criminal deception ?
"text":"In “Frozen,” Elsa is the princess of what fictional nation ?
"text":"In football, Tebowing was the act of doing what ?
"text":"What is the in-game currency of “The Legend of Zelda” games ?
"text":"Which of these TV franchises features the daughter of actress Jayne Mansfield ?
"text":"Which of the nations ending in “-stan” has the most land ?
"text":"Beatles producer George Martin correctly predicted \"you’ve just made your first number one record\" about what song ?
"text":"What is the name of the sport that features an athlete sliding feet first on a sled ?
"text":"What is the only team to make this year’s College Football Playoff with a regular-season loss ?
"text":"Which NFL team still has the same head coach it had at the beginning of this season ?
"text":"The current highest-earning woman in sports competes in what ?
"text":"Which of these quarterbacks has the fewest career rushing yards ?
"text":"Which of these boxers finished his pro career undefeated ?
"text":"What soccer star is the most recent winner of the prestigious Ballon d’Or ?
"text":"What NHL team set the record for most goals in a season ?
"text":"What team first signed future Hall of Famer Roberto Clemente ?
"text":"Which of these plays would NOT always end an NFL game that goes to overtime ?
"text":"France is the only national team to hold six world titles in what men's sport ?
"text":"Which of these NBA teams retired a jersey for a player who never played for them ?
"text":"Which of these is a common coffee flavor ?
"text":"Which species grows wings while inside a cocoon ?
"text":"Which of these is a standard unit for measuring force ?
"text":"According to ‘90s dance group Deee-Lite, where is groove ?
"text":"In an early financial bubble, the Dutch Republic experienced soaring prices of what ?
"text":"Which of these tiny nations borders only one other nation ?
"text":"In which of these novel titles does the hyphen NOT belong ?
"text":"What word refers to the point on Earth directly opposite yours ?
"text":"Which of these cartoon shows celebrated its 20th anniversary last month ?
"text":"The Medal of Honor video game series was created by the director of what film ?
"text":"Who was the last opponent Mike Tyson defeated ?
"text":"Which cult film was made by co-writers of the Broadway hit “The Book of Mormon” ?
"text":"According to science, all matter is made of what ?
"text":"Which of these cities is located in Canada ?
"text":"Jake Gyllenhaal just used Instagram to announce he was joining which superhero franchise ?
"text":"What does the “C” in CNN stand for ?
"text":"What candy bar is considered good luck in Japan, where more than 400 flavors have been released ?
"text":"What classic drawing toy uses a magnet to decorate a face with metal shavings ?
"text":"Which sport does NOT feature field goals ?
"text":"Art lovers and “Blues Brothers” fans know that Chicago’s Daley Plaza features a sculpture by who ?
"text":"When made to certain official specifications, the French flag has more of which color ?
"text":"What literary genre traditionally makes extensive use of metaphor ?
"text":"What future Oscar-winning film composer appeared in the first video to air on MTV ?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a massively popular racing game series ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a recurring character in Nintendo games ?
"text":"What was the Japanese release of the NES called ?
"text":"Wild World, City Folk, and New Leaf are all versions of what game series ?
"text":"In the world of Nintendo, “Sheik” is the alter ego of what other character ?
"text":"In the Nintendo 64 Star Fox game, what buttons allowed players to do a barrel roll ?
"text":"In Super Mario Odyssey, who is the mayor of New Donk City ?
"text":"In which of these games was one of the main characters a possessed doll ?
"text":"What is one English translation of “Nintendo” ?
"text":"Nintendo once offered to pay for gaming gloves for players who’d sustained injuries playing what system ?
"text":"Nintendo’s very first primate-themed arcade game had gameplay most similar to what ?
"text":"Which game series did NOT have a character represented in the original Super Smash Bros. ?
"text":"According to an old proverb, “The early bird gets” what ?
"text":"Which character is famous for being one of the first female video game protagonists ?
"text":"In a jazz band, which instrument would be in the rhythm section ?
"text":"Which of these legendary viral videos was a singing performance ?
"text":"What are nachos named after ?
"text":"Which car maker does NOT have a horse in its logo ?
"text":"The mathematical fact that 8x9 = 9x8 is known as what law ?
"text":"The Ninja Turtles’ origin story is basically a parody of what Marvel comic ?
"text":"Potato chips are often kept fresh by filling their bags with what gas before shipping ?
"text":"The game-streaming site Twitch.tv is now owned by what tech giant ?
"text":"What author was long suspected to have pulled off a famous hoax with fake fossils ?
"text":"The name of the ill-fated horse in “The Godfather” is also the capital of what country ?
"text":"The word “plumage” describes what part of a bird ?
"text":"Which of these is a centuries-old Spanish coin ?
"text":"Which character is traditionally depicted wearing the hat known as a sombrero cordobes ?
"text":"A harpsichord most closely resembles what more common instrument ?
"text":"Dionysus is the Greek god associated with what ?
"text":"In Scotland, Edinburgh is known by what nickname ?
"text":"Which of these sitcoms was a spinoff of “That’s So Raven” ?
"text":"Which of these cities does NOT have an area called “Union Square” ?
"text":"Which US state is also the name of a major South American political party ?
"text":"Gloria Steinem’s “Ms.” magazine was first founded as a section of what other magazine ?
"text":"Which of these is an actual name of a general who fought alongside Napoleon at Waterloo ?
"text":"Which of these letters is the newest addition to the alphabet we use for English ?
"text":"According to science, which of these should you never look at directly ?
"text":"Ordering a cocktail “on the rocks” will get you what ?
"text":"In Charles Dickens’ “A Christmas Carol,” who is the first ghost to visit Ebenezer Scrooge ?
"text":"Which of these places is a homophone for a common kind of tree ?
"text":"What computer OS has a Recycle Bin for unwanted files ?
"text":"Which of these 2000s pop groups rose to fame on a children’s sitcom ?
"text":"A hard-to-photograph phenomenon an instant after sunset or before sunrise is known as what ?
"text":"The early hit website “The Hampster Dance” used music from what Disney film ?
"text":"Which of these words is NOT a semordnilap ?
"text":"A 1972 US Olympic team still refuses to accept the medals it won in what sport ?
"text":"Lee Greenwood recorded an alternate version of “God Bless the USA” with new lyrics praising what ?
"text":"When William Faulkner infamously covered a hockey game for “Sports Illustrated,” what did he NOT mention ?
"text":"Which of these countries does NOT have a capital whose name contains the word “city” ?
"text":"The people behind “Pong” previously made what unsuccessful arcade video game ?
"text":"What writer predicted the Big Bang and dark matter nearly a century before science backed him up ?
"text":"The strip of material found in the center of an MLB pitcher’s mound is called the what ?
"text":"What term describes a basketball player taking two steps in different directions without dribbling ?
"text":"What NFL player just joined Tony Dorsett as the only other person to rush for a 99-yard touchdown ?
"text":"What school was the first No. 16 seed to defeat a No. 1 in the women’s NCAA tournament ?
"text":"Which of this year’s Heisman finalists was chosen in the first round of another sport’s draft ?
"text":"Which team just won the MLS Cup ?
"text":"Which of these MLB teams is currently the only one with official alternate game jerseys ?
"text":"Which North American sport sees the greatest number of spectators at a single event each year ?
"text":"Which of these wrestling superstars played regular-season games in the NFL ?
"text":"What was the last Canadian NHL team to make it to the Stanley Cup Finals ?
"text":"What fighter accounted for Sugar Ray Robinson’s first-ever pro loss ?
"text":"Which NFL division has the most teams that share a name with a kind of animal ?
"text":"What differentiated Rudolph from the other reindeer ?
"text":"What kind of Christmas is Bing Crosby dreaming of ?
"text":"Who originally sang “Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas” ?
"text":"Which of these artists has a collection of holiday songs called “Christmas & Chill” ?
"text":"“Last Christmas” was originally performed by the same band behind what hit ?
"text":"Which type of government employee does Frosty the Snowman run into ?
"text":"Which of these items does the original singer of “Santa Baby” want for Christmas ?
"text":"In Michael Bublé’s version of “Santa Baby,” how does he address Santa ?
"text":"Which of these classic holiday songs was originally written about spring ?
"text":"Why do NSYNC have to take over Santa’s duties in their video for “Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays” ?
"text":"According to the lyrics of “You’re a Mean One, Mr. Grinch,\" which of these is NOT found in the Grinch’s soul ?
"text":"What did Mariah Carey reportedly have in the studio while recording “All I Want for Christmas Is You” ?
"text":"According to tradition, the Pilgrims first reached the New World at what landmark ?
"text":"A new film was just announced starring what legendary video game character ?
"text":"In the most recent “60 Minutes,” who appeared to tear up while talking about his tweets ?
"text":"Miley Cyrus infamously “twerked” during a performance by who ?
"text":"The classic “Tannhauser Gate” speech is from what science-fiction film ?
"text":"What is needed to play “mumblety-peg” ?
"text":"Who did Queen Elizabeth II replace as Britain’s longest-reigning monarch ?
"text":"Which is a real device from the makers of the popular “Speak & Spell” ?
"text":"The Macanese people are subjects of what government ?
"text":"Which was a real “Star Wars”-based breakfast cereal sold in the 1980s ?
"text":"At what venue does Bob Uecker announce games ?
"text":"Which of L. Frank Baum’s “Oz” books is adapted from a play inspired by an earlier “Oz” book ?
"text":"A popular advertising slogan states that “A diamond is” what ?
"text":"Which sport typically uses the heaviest ball ?
"text":"Which of these foods is made from a dairy product ?
"text":"Which hardware product is from the same company that created the Android operating system ?
"text":"Whose dialogue was reportedly largely improvised in “Caddyshack” ?
"text":"What state’s capital is NOT connected by roads to any surrounding towns ?
"text":"Which of these letters is on the 20-sided die packaged with the game Scattergories ?
"text":"Which of these comic strips was a collaborative effort between the creators of the other two ?
"text":"An all-wizard rock band in the “Harry Potter” universe shares a name with characters in what Shakespeare play ?
"text":"In a pre-recorded appearance, who was the first sitting president to appear on “Saturday Night Live” ?
"text":"The Apollo 11 moon mission symbolically carried part of what historic equipment ?
"text":"In 2017, who won a Grammy for a version of a song they had recorded more than four decades earlier ?
"text":"What was the name given to the strategy Muhammad Ali used to beat George Foreman ?
"text":"If there is no deuce, how many points are needed to win a standard tennis game ?
"text":"What team won the game that ended with the memorable play known as “the Kick Six” ?
"text":"The front edge of the pitching rubber is located 60 feet, 6 inches from what part of home plate ?
"text":"Which player has the current record for most consecutive passes without an interception ?
"text":"According to “Forbes” magazine, what is currently the most valuable franchise in hockey ?
"text":"What position did NOT touch the ball on Miami’s recent game-winning hook-and-lateral against New England ?
"text":"What school was the last to defeat UConn’s women’s basketball team ?
"text":"Before Harold Baines, who was the only Hall of Famer to play at least half his games as DH ?
"text":"Two brothers once shared the award for most outstanding player in what college sport ?
"text":"What was the last nation to have back-to-back players chosen No. 1 in the NBA draft ?
"text":"Which NFL coach has NOT had an assistant go on to win a Super Bowl as a head coach ?
"text":"What is the name of the popular girls clique ?
"text":"Which “weird nutrition bars” did Regina George eat ?
"text":"Who wrote “Mean Girls” ?
"text":"What does Karen dress up as for Halloween ?
"text":"Which of these cliques is NOT mentioned when Janis initially shows Cady the cafeteria ?
"text":"What part of Regina George is rumored to be insured ?
"text":"Which does Gretchen NOT describe as “fetch” ?
"text":"What is the name of Regina’s sister ?
"text":"When Damien hands out candy cane grams, who is first to receive one ?
"text":"Which of these is a line in Kevin G’s rap ?
"text":"During the four-way call scene, who is notably wearing a baby blue velour tracksuit ?
"text":"Which of these lines is said by a character who catches a piece of the Spring Fling crown ?
"text":"What Is Grandma Doing ?
"text":"Which of these mammals stands the tallest in adulthood ?
"text":"Which of these is a slang term for a super-exciting event ?
"text":"Which of these was a key battle in the US Civil War ?
"text":"Which of these is a palindrome ?
"text":"What Marvel character is known for shouting, “It’s clobberin’ time” ?
"text":"Which state does New Jersey share its northern straight-line border with ?
"text":"The singer of which hit song was just announced as a guest star on next season’s “Black Mirror” ?
"text":"Who once deliberately unleashed mosquitoes on an audience during a TED talk ?
"text":"As of 2018, YouTube’s most-viewed video is by what artist ?
"text":"What is the most likely space to land on your first move in Monopoly ?
"text":"Which type of penalty in NHL hockey means the most minutes off the ice ?
"text":"What is coincidentally carved on a gravestone at the church where John Lennon and Paul McCartney met ?
"text":"What does the Tooth Fairy traditionally leave under pillows in exchange for teeth ?
"text":"What is the capital of the United Kingdom ?
"text":"Which of these games does NOT regularly name a player “it” ?
"text":"What is the only native lizard species in the US that produces venom ?
"text":"The Cuba Libre cocktail is primarily a mix of rum and what ?
"text":"Thanks to an early career as a child performer, who briefly appeared in 1992’s “Honeymoon in Vegas” ?
"text":"What animal played a key role in developing the first vaccine ?
"text":"Which of these words was coined by Roald Dahl ?
"text":"The newspaper with the Guinness-certified highest circulation in the world is published in what language ?
"text":"How much of his fourth presidential term did Franklin D. Roosevelt serve ?
"text":"By definition, where is an “incipit” poem located in a larger text ?
"text":"Which of these bands recorded a Billboard top-ten single that featured a marching band ?
"text":"Which of these usually has the youngest students ?
"text":"Traditional sashimi consists of what food cut into thin slices ?
"text":"Which of these is an island nation ?
"text":"Who created the famous melting-watches painting “The Persistence of Memory” ?
"text":"Which knob on an Etch-A-Sketch creates horizontal lines ?
"text":"Adopted in 1968, who is NASA’s official safety mascot ?
"text":"Which of these instruments typically has bars made of steel ?
"text":"Which of these is an officially recommended Jell-O addition ?
"text":"The narrator at the start of Disney’s animated “Beauty and the Beast” also voiced what character ?
"text":"Which of these structures was built first ?
"text":"The classic TV character Fonzie made a catchphrase from verbally drawing out what letter ?
"text":"Which of these drinks typically contains alcohol ?
"text":"Which system of the human body is the liver part of ?
"text":"Which of these cities is a national capital ?
"text":"In film production, what does “looping” improve the quality of ?
"text":"What type of animal is a basenji ?
"text":"A legal chess move lets players do what in the space of one turn ?
"text":"Where is the only NBA court whose floor is NOT made of maple wood ?
"text":"In what ’90s music video is it possible to spot the frontman of the metal band Fear Factory ?
"text":"Which African nation has the most stripes on its flag ?
"text":"Which classic animal book has a bizarre sequel where the animals make contact with outer space creatures ?
"text":"Who is a character in the 1939 film “The Wizard of Oz” ?
"text":"Which of these states does NOT border the other two ?
"text":"What game show commonly ends with a call for viewers to spay or neuter their pets ?
"text":"What word can mean either “underground chamber” or “leap“ ?
"text":"The “gooseneck round” is meat that comes from what animal ?
"text":"The 1995 hit “Gangsta’s Paradise” was by Coolio with what guest rapper ?
"text":"Which of these is the most common spoken language in Europe ?
"text":"Frank Sinatra was initially offered the lead role in which of these films ?
"text":"The tallest known cliff is on a moon orbiting what planet ?
"text":"Which product is NOT a trademark of outdoor toy empire Wham-O ?
"text":"“Clerihew” is a form of poetry distinguished by which of these characteristics ?
"text":"Which of these artists once brought the Declaration of Independence as a date to a party ?
"text":"The TV special “How the Grinch Stole Christmas” is based on what ?
"text":"“A Charlie Brown Christmas” features which of these songs ?
"text":"What accessory brings Frosty the Snowman to life ?
"text":"Which of these creatures appears in the classic “Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer” TV movie ?
"text":"Which characters from “The Year Without a Santa Claus” received their own stop-motion spinoff ?
"text":"What was the name of Julie Andrews’ 1987 Christmas special ?
"text":"Which kind of animated creature did Drew Barrymore voice in a Christmas special ?
"text":"The lead of what television show once starred in a Christmas special called “Mr. St. Nick” ?
"text":"Which of these stars has made a holiday TV special with the Muppets ?
"text":"Which of these actors reprised their role for the TV special “Shrek the Halls” ?
"text":"The Grinch is NOT seen stealing which of these things in the original TV special ?
"text":"At the end of “A Charlie Brown Christmas,” what does Linus say Charlie Brown’s tree needs ?
"text":"Which of these words is in the US Presidential oath of office ?
"text":"What sport is LeBron James known for playing ?
"text":"Which type of pasta is typically stuffed ?
"text":"Which of these animals usually has six legs ?
"text":"Which of these is surprisingly mentioned in the song “The Most Wonderful Time of the Year” ?
"text":"The game Fortnite was recently sued by Alfonso Ribeiro, best known for acting on what show ?
"text":"Who officially changed two words of their national anthem in 2018 ?
"text":"What state’s capital sounds like a grammatical gerund ?
"text":"What song did Tom Hanks NOT perform on the giant keyboard in “Big” ?
"text":"As William Congreve famously wrote, “Musick has charms to sooth a savage” what ?
"text":"When asked if he stood on Newton’s shoulders, Einstein cited what other scientist instead ?
"text":"According to the World Bank, which nation has the highest percentage of internet users ?
"text":"Thomas Jefferson was famously the third president of what ?
"text":"In “Super Mario” games, what kind of creature is Yoshi ?
"text":"Which of these phrases translates to “I don’t know what” ?
"text":"Which sport does NOT have a major-league US team named the Giants ?
"text":"What is named after the inventor of dynamite ?
"text":"“Release the Kraken!” is shouted in which movie franchise ?
"text":"Which of these mountains is in the United States ?
"text":"Who did NOT perform on the 1985 charity single “That’s What Friends Are For” ?
"text":"According to the Latin roots of “peculiar,” which of these most closely matches its original definition ?
"text":"What sitcom made a celebrity out of Lenny Kravitz’s mother ?
"text":"What present-day nation was NOT at one time a part of the Roman Empire ?
"text":"Whose empire of dessert shops was born when their ice cream truck broke down ?
"text":"Which of these is a Major League Baseball team ?
"text":"Which of these colleges plays its home football games in a different state than the other two ?
"text":"Which of these stands the highest above the rest of an MLB baseball field ?
"text":"What Grizzlies player said, “I’m too lit to play in New York City, Memphis is perfect for me” ?
"text":"Which of these states is home to one of horse racing’s Triple Crown events ?
"text":"What school has made the men’s NCAA Final Four the greatest number of times ?
"text":"Who was the most recent winner of the US Soccer Female Player of the Year award ?
"text":"Which of these has NOT been imprinted on every official NFL Super Bowl football ?
"text":"What NBA player torched the Lakers for a 50-point triple-double this season ?
"text":"Which of these MLB pitchers has the greatest number of 200-inning seasons ?
"text":"By number of teams, what league has the largest divisions ?
"text":"Which of these MLB players did NOT have 100-RBI seasons at least 17 years apart ?
"text":"What beats scissors in “Rock, Paper, Scissors” ?
"text":"What advice normally follows the phrase, “If the shoe fits” ?
"text":"Fuji and Gala are both popular varieties of what ?
"text":"The word “deke” in hockey is an abbreviation of what word ?
"text":"“Emocionado” is Spanish for feeling what emotion ?
"text":"In what discipline would you learn the “Ionic order” ?
"text":"What was Istanbul before it was Constantinople ?
"text":"What island’s population is mostly descendants of the crew of the HMS Bounty ?
"text":"Judging by the last few releases, what are Macintosh operating systems now being named after ?
"text":"What character appears in the book versions of both “The Hobbit” and “Lord of the Rings” ?
"text":"Which of these elements is named for a non-Nobel Prize winner ?
"text":"“Chestnuts Roasting On an Open Fire” was co-written by a singer with what nickname ?
"text":"“Buenos dias” is primarily a greeting in what language ?
"text":"In terms of surface area, what is the largest state in the United States ?
"text":"Early industrialists were often referred to with what negative nickname ?
"text":"Which artist recently interrupted Cardi B’s performance at a music festival asking for forgiveness ?
"text":"Which classic character caused a real-world sensation when he faked his own death in a story ?
"text":"What director was just announced as a cast member of the upcoming Star Wars series “The Mandalorian” ?
"text":"Which of these writing systems is a common ancestor to the alphabets that English and Russian use ?
"text":"In the classic SNL “Census Taker” sketch, Christopher Walken has dual citizenship between the US and where ?
"text":"Which of these synonyms for “fancy” came from a last name ?
"text":"The original dog who played Air Bud also played the family dog in what TV show ?
"text":"Which 20th-century leader was head of their nation’s government the longest ?
"text":"Netflix’s founder once claimed he was inspired by a $40 late fee charge for a movie starring who ?
"text":"Where does SpongeBob live ?
"text":"Who created the “SpongeBob Squarepants” show ?
"text":"In the show’s theme song, which of these words describes SpongeBob ?
"text":"The shape of the Krusty Krab restaurant most closely resembles which of these ?
"text":"Which actor once came to the rescue of SpongeBob and Patrick in a live-action cinematic appearance ?
"text":"The SpongeBob quote that became a massive meme involved him bragging “I’ll have you know” he only did what ?
"text":"According to the title card, what does the B.C. stand for in the episode “SpongeBob B.C.” ?
"text":"The pirate ghost that regularly haunts Bikini Bottom appears to feature which of these ?
"text":"Which of these is the name of a variation of the Krabby Patty whipped up on the show ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a way to attract a sea bear ?
"text":"In the Fry Cook Games, what makes Patrick and SpongeBob stop fighting ?
"text":"How did Sandy Cheeks end up living in Bikini Bottom ?
"text":"Which of these musical legends did NOT appear in a “SpongeBob” episode ?
"text":"According to Plankton, how is SpongeBob able to foil his evil plan in the first “SpongeBob” movie ?
"text":"Pop Culture Debate","answer":["IS","DIE","HARD","A","CHRISTMAS","MOVIE ?
"text":"What is Mr. Krabs’ first name ?
"text":"David Cassidy famously starred in what TV show ?
"text":"What are turtle doves ?
"text":"Which of these words is French for “hen” ?
"text":"What band recorded the classic 1977 tune “Songbird” ?
"text":"Which of these lines is NOT inscribed on the ring in “The Lord of the Rings” ?
"text":"Who has been cast as Goose’s son in the upcoming “Top Gun” sequel ?
"text":"The youngest-ever swimmer to win Olympic gold is from which country ?
"text":"Who appeared alongside Beyoncé in her famous “Got Milk ?
"text":"Which of these hit Sia music videos does NOT feature the same lead dancer as the others ?
"text":"When a new bill is sent to the UK’s House of Lords, what language does the clerk write on it ?
"text":"What is NOT depicted in the original Pied Piper logo in HBO’s “Silicon Valley” ?
"text":"According to the lyrics of “The Little Drummer Boy,” who keeps time as the boy plays his song ?
"text":"Fancy Office Options","answer":["SWIVEL","CHAIR","OR","STANDING","DESK ?
"text":"What is NOT a common use for an elephant’s trunk ?
"text":"What game does “football” refer to throughout much of Europe ?
"text":"Physiologists say a stressful experience triggers a “fight or” what response ?
"text":"The opening line of the Gettysburg Address refers to what length of time ?
"text":"In the classic version of Monopoly, which property is in the same color group as Mediterranean Avenue ?
"text":"Who once had the “Mona Lisa” hanging in their bedroom ?
"text":"Legendary for its incredible difficulty, the browser game “QWOP” is in what video game category ?
"text":"What is the only US state capital without a McDonald’s restaurant ?
"text":"The 1995 movie “Casper” featured a cameo by which Ghostbuster ?
"text":"Which word does NOT appear in Lewis Carroll’s “Jabberwocky” ?
"text":"For a few years, what company branded a line of office products in homage to NBC's “The Office” ?
"text":"Kendrick Lamar was named for a musician from the Motown group behind which hit ?
"text":"\"Do You Love Me ?
"text":"What are the first words to appear in the first “Star Wars” film ever made ?
"text":"What classic “Star Wars” character is known for shouting “It’s a trap!” ?
"text":"In the famous trash compactor scene, who gets attacked by the monster ?
"text":"The “TIE” in TIE fighter stands for what kind of engine ?
"text":"Which of these characters is an organic life form ?
"text":"Which of these lines is spoken in “The Empire Strikes Back” ?
"text":"Where did “Star Wars” fans first encounter Saw Gerrera ?
"text":"In the prequels, what is unique about Mace Windu’s lightsaber ?
"text":"In “The Last Jedi,” a new actor officially took over which role ?
"text":"Who has NOT performed in the “Star Wars” universe ?
"text":"In which of these “Star Wars” media did the name “Palpatine” first appear ?
"text":"Coincidentally or not, what name appears in one of George Lucas’ high school yearbooks ?
"text":"Which was one of Kenner’s original 12 action figures first sold in 1978 ?
"text":"Which of these words is NOT spoken in any of the classic trilogy films ?
"text":"What is the name of the first song heard in the Mos Eisley cantina ?
"text":"What part of Pinocchio grows if he lies ?
"text":"Who voices the titular character in “Finding Dory” ?
"text":"What restaurant do the toys end up going to in “Toy Story” ?
"text":"Which of these Disney villains sucked their thumb when things didn’t go their way ?
"text":"What type of creature is Joanna in “The Rescuers Down Under” ?
"text":"The Disney character Tick-Tock appears in which animated film ?
"text":"Which Disney film features the classic song “Scales and Arpeggios” ?
"text":"Which of these Disney mice regularly wears pants ?
"text":"When Olaf first appears in “Frozen,” which color does he suggest for the snow-covered forest ?
"text":"According to the chef in “The Little Mermaid,” what is the classic technique of making fish taste nice ?
"text":"What kind of hat does the Genie NOT wear in his “Friend Like Me” number ?
"text":"What is the last thing Mike Wazowski says to Boo in “Monsters, Inc.” ?
"text":"How long is an offensive NBA player allowed to fully stay in the paint before a violation is called ?
"text":"Thanks to stars like Zion Williamson, what team is back on top of the AP college basketball poll ?
"text":"What NFL team likely just played its last-ever home game in its current home stadium ?
"text":"A popular minor-league hockey promotion encourages fans to throw what onto the ice at Christmastime ?
"text":"Which university is NOT part of a long-running sports rivalry nicknamed “The Border War” ?
"text":"What NBA team drafted college basketball star Trae Young ?
"text":"Of these players, who was the youngest to hit 100 career MLB home runs ?
"text":"What player waited one day short of a full year to sign a contract with the team that drafted him ?
"text":"What nation has NOT had a player picked No. 1 in the NBA draft ?
"text":"Which of these minor-league baseball team names is still in use ?
"text":"In the shot clock era, the NCAA D1 men’s basketball player with the most points in a season played for what school ?
"text":"What team has appeared in the most Christmas Day games ?
"text":"Because it contained only plastic facial features, what toy originally required children to add a potato ?
"text":"What popular board game released a “Cheaters Edition” this year ?
"text":"What toy was definitely NOT named after a US president ?
"text":"What popular toy line is currently made under the Nerf brand ?
"text":"Which of these toy’s makers has trademarked its distinctive smell ?
"text":"Which is NOT the name of a skill game made by Hasbro ?
"text":"An Etch A Sketch works by removing what from the screen ?
"text":"What animal noise was heard when moving the barn doors of the original Fisher-Price Family Farm ?
"text":"What ’90s fad toy was specifically banned from an NSA facility shortly after its introduction ?
"text":"Which of these was a massively popular talking doll sold in the 1960s ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT an official edition of Bop It ?
"text":"Which of these is the occupation of an actual Barbie doll currently for sale ?
"text":"What classic José Feliciano song has a title that means “Merry Christmas” in Spanish ?
"text":"What are people supposed to do if they find themselves under the mistletoe ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT one of the ghosts in Charles Dickens’ “A Christmas Carol” ?
"text":"The original Saint Nicholas is reportedly from the same area as which modern-day place ?
"text":"According to the famous song lyrics, what does Grandpa do after Grandma got run over by a reindeer ?
"text":"The European folklore figure Krampus traditionally does what to naughty children on Christmas ?
"text":"Which of these actors has portrayed Santa Claus in a film ?
"text":"Which of these things does NOT get its own waltz in “The Nutcracker” ?
"text":"What is the last line of O. Henry’s “Gift of the Magi” ?
"text":"What could be better ?
"text":"Which of these movie characters wears a Santa hat in the film they first appear in ?
"text":"In the famous “New York Sun” letter to Virginia, what does the journalist compare Santa to ?
"text":"Who portrayed Santa Claus in “The Osbourne Family Christmas Special” ?
"text":"Kelly Clarkson’s “Wrapped in Red” contains a cover of a song from which musical ?
"text":"Which of these names was a contender for Rudolph before Rudolph was chosen ?
"text":"The Russian figure known as Grandfather Frost is currently most closely associated with what holiday ?
"text":"Winston Churchill famously said “I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and” what ?
"text":"Which of these animals has a stinger ?
"text":"According to its theme song, what sitcom was set “where everybody knows your name” ?
"text":"Which is NOT a variety of cheese ?
"text":"Which word means “to confuse” ?
"text":"Which animated film had the same director as “The Nightmare Before Christmas” ?
"text":"The meaningless phrase “blast processing” was used to sell what gaming console ?
"text":"Which of these has been the actual papal name of a pope ?
"text":"What controversial iPhone app cost $1,000 and did virtually nothing ?
"text":"Sri Lanka’s commercial capital sounds like the name of an iconic TV character played by who ?
"text":"Which planet has a large moon that orbits in the opposite direction from its own rotation ?
"text":"What is thought to be the world’s oldest continuously operating school is located where ?
"text":"A famous Albert Einstein quote asserts that God does not do what with the universe ?
"text":"Which of these is the name of one of the most acclaimed painters of all time ?
"text":"One of America’s national mottos is “E Pluribus” what ?
"text":"Which of these new films currently has by far the lowest score on Rotten Tomatoes ?
"text":"Who famously forgot the lyrics to “Mack the Knife,” ad-libbed new lyrics, and won a Grammy award for the performance ?
"text":"“Silicon Forest” refers to the growing number of tech firms around what city ?
"text":"In “Gremlins,” what is the name of the evil ringleader Gremlin ?
"text":"“Mr. & Mrs. Pac-Man” was a game in what genre ?
"text":"Which of these nation’s capital cities was founded fewer than a hundred years ago ?
"text":"“People caught in the act of being themselves” was a slogan for what early reality show ?
"text":"Which of these is named after the patron saint of the blind ?
"text":"Which president’s birthplace is now a place to service your car ?
"text":"The Asian delicacy known as bird’s nest soup is made primarily from what ?
"text":"What is the capital of Australia ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a real animal ?
"text":"What is the term for software that is promised but is never actually released ?
"text":"What is the official currency of China ?
"text":"What is the capital of the North Star State ?
"text":"Which dessert shares its name with a Korean food made with intestines ?
"text":"Which species is NOT one of humanity’s two closest genetically-linked living relatives ?
"text":"Jean Renoir was famous for what ?
"text":"Where is the largest sawgrass prairie in North America ?
"text":"In a standard deck of playing cards, which king is holding an axe and facing sideways ?
"text":"Which everyday material was originally designed to be used as wallpaper ?
"text":"At the Restaurant","answer":["MAY","I","TAKE","YOUR","PLATE ?
"text":"The “three Rs” of environmentalism are reduce, reuse, and what ?
"text":"Which of these titles is a spinoff of the original “Star Trek” ?
"text":"Which is NOT one of the three branches of US federal government ?
"text":"What type of art is the “Venus de Milo” ?
"text":"Where in the home would you typically find a ramekin ?
"text":"Geologists believe the inner core of the Earth has what form ?
"text":"In the North American version of the game “Clue,” who is the murder victim ?
"text":"What do Westerners call the place known to locals as Rapa Nui ?
"text":"What inspired the title of Faulkner’s “The Sound and the Fury” ?
"text":"Which of these historic crossings took place most recently ?
"text":"At the end of “The Muppet Christmas Carol,” who says “God bless us, every one ?
"text":"Which of these was NOT an Olympic event at one point ?
"text":"What sport is also called “shooting hoops” ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT a movie in the “Friday” series ?
"text":"Of these three options, which is the most common pasta topping ?
"text":"In the original book, how old was Cindy Lou Who when the Grinch stole Christmas ?
"text":"Which of these is the capital of a US state ?
"text":"In the song “Jolene” by Dolly Parton, what color is Jolene’s hair ?
"text":"What is it called when someone plays a video game so much that they begin to see it away from the screen ?
"text":"Which of these comedians was NOT a “Saturday Night Live” cast member ?
"text":"A dreidel is a type of what ?
"text":"What coach led the only NFL team to win the Super Bowl with a perfect season ?
"text":"Wi-Fi technology was invented by Australian scientists who were studying what ?
"text":"In “Space Jam,” the NBA players whose powers were stolen did NOT play which position at the time ?
"text":"Where will you find Earth’s geographic South Pole ?
"text":"Which of these is one of the volumes of CS Lewis’ Narnia series ?
"text":"What does Control-X in Windows, or Command-X on a Mac, do ?
"text":"What are the big, puffy types of clouds called ?
"text":"What superhero character has NOT been played by Ryan Reynolds ?
"text":"Which of these UK dishes is typically considered a dessert ?
"text":"Which state flag has a silhouette of a buffalo on it ?
"text":"Which of these has a different creator than the other two ?
"text":"In Disney’s “Cinderella,” what is NOT the name of one of the evil stepsisters ?
"text":"What iconic video game music is a folk tune called “Korobeiniki” ?
"text":"The band that recorded “Losing My Religion” named itself after what ?
"text":"What Spanish-language song has lyrics translating to “I am not a sailor; I am a captain” ?
"text":"Woodrow Wilson became the first president to meet with a reigning British monarch when he met with who ?
"text":"Which of these is the capital of a country that has both “United” and “States” in its official name ?
"text":"Which of these movies features high school students played by the oldest actors ?
"text":"What was the name of the Super Bowl trick play that resulted in a Nick Foles receiving touchdown ?
"text":"Chloe Kim became the youngest woman ever to win gold in what Olympic event ?
"text":"Who was named Most Valuable Player of this year’s World Series ?
"text":"What was the only D1 college football team to finish 2017 and 2018 regular seasons undefeated ?
"text":"In Game 1 of the NBA Finals, what player might have cost his team the game by forgetting the score ?
"text":"What star player lifted his first Stanley Cup in 2018 ?
"text":"In July, who became the second UFC fighter to simultaneously hold titles in two weight classes ?
"text":"What golfer won the greatest number of majors in 2018 ?
"text":"Shohei Ohtani became the first player in history to reach double digits in what two stats ?
"text":"In what event did Simone Biles NOT win gold at this year’s World Championships ?
"text":"The award for top player at this year’s World Cup went to a player from what team ?
"text":"What career record was NOT set by Drew Brees this year ?
"text":"Beyonce’s performance at Coachella prompted what nickname for the music festival ?
"text":"Internet users in 2018 were split over whether a mysterious sound was either “Yanny” or what ?
"text":"Rescuers overcame perilous conditions to rescue a team of boys from a cave located where ?
"text":"The internet was riveted this summer when what kind of creature climbed a skyscraper ?
"text":"The popular “Walmart Kid” first went viral by singing a song made famous by which artist ?
"text":"Which of these is NOT depicted in Banksy’s “shredded art” project ?
"text":"After an Egyptian sarcophagus was unearthed, thousands of people signed a petition to do what ?
"text":"Which of these shark family members earns a mention in the hit song “Baby Shark” ?
"text":"Which guest at Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s wedding wore yellow ?
"text":"Which of these TV shows was NOT cancelled and then saved by another network this year ?
"text":"What was so distinctive about the 2018 MLB AL Rookie of the Year ?
"text":"Which of Drake’s 2018 music videos was set in Toronto ?
"text":"Which of these is a real tweet Elon Musk tweeted this year ?
"text":"What's Facebook ?
"text":"When Blue Ivy shushed her parents back at the 2018 Grammys, which performer was on stage ?
"text":"Common Question","answer":["HOW’S","IT","GOING ?
"text":"What was the only D1 col
"text":"Two-liter-two-liter","correct":false,"count":"7,299"},{"text":"Can-can","correct":true,"count":"349,913"},{"text":"Bottle-bottle","correct":false,"count":"5,505"}]
"text":"Peninsula","correct":true,"count":"343,550"},{"text":"Piñata","correct":false,"count":"929"},{"text":"Trifecta","correct":false,"count":"2,705"}]
"text":"Natalie Morales","correct":false,"count":"52,192"},{"text":"Hoda Kotb","correct":true,"count":"160,076"},{"text":"Megyn Kelly","correct":false,"count":"101,881"}]
"text":"Michael Faraday","correct":true,"count":"66,280"},{"text":"Nikola Tesla","correct":false,"count":"54,684"},{"text":"Alessandro Volta","correct":false,"count":"39,830"}]
"text":"Fletch Rides Again","correct":false,"count":"13,522"},{"text":"Fletch Lives","correct":true,"count":"54,225"},{"text":"Fletch Is Still Here","correct":false,"count":"4,360"}]
"text":"Beak","correct":true,"count":"37,900"},{"text":"Talon","correct":false,"count":"8,241"},{"text":"Wing","correct":false,"count":"8,284"}]
"text":"Eric B. & Rakim","correct":false,"count":"7,961"},{"text":"Beastie Boys","correct":false,"count":"6,561"},{"text":"Run-DMC","correct":true,"count":"23,287"}]
"text":"Bing Crosby","correct":true,"count":"7,438"},{"text":"Duke Ellington","correct":false,"count":"7,895"},{"text":"Milton Berle","correct":false,"count":"10,571"}]
"text":"Sweden","correct":false,"count":"1,074"},{"text":"India","correct":false,"count":"2,936"},{"text":"Samoa","correct":true,"count":"5,949"}]
"text":"Three Men and a Baby","correct":true,"count":"3,591"},{"text":"Porky’s","correct":false,"count":"789"},{"text":"Police Academy","correct":false,"count":"1,936"}]
"text":"Hedgehog","correct":true,"count":"2,603"},{"text":"Kangaroo","correct":false,"count":"562"},{"text":"Wildebeest","correct":false,"count":"539"}]
"text":"Toes","correct":true,"count":"543,589"},{"text":"Tracheas","correct":false,"count":"1,700"},{"text":"Thunder thighs","correct":false,"count":"1,744"}]
"text":"Jack Black","correct":false,"count":"44,466"},{"text":"Jack White","correct":false,"count":"1,417"},{"text":"Blackjack","correct":true,"count":"493,775"}]
"text":"Lawyer","correct":true,"count":"463,666"},{"text":"Bartender","correct":false,"count":"21,037"},{"text":"Doctor","correct":false,"count":"9,328"}]
"text":"At the shoe","correct":false,"count":"3,679"},{"text":"Above the ankle","correct":true,"count":"408,580"},{"text":"Above the knee","correct":false,"count":"49,420"}]
"text":"Roquefort","correct":false,"count":"61,032"},{"text":"Limburger","correct":false,"count":"127,084"},{"text":"Gruyere","correct":true,"count":"221,745"}]
"text":"Wand","correct":true,"count":"223,407"},{"text":"Goblet","correct":false,"count":"11,438"},{"text":"Stone","correct":false,"count":"8,172"}]
"text":"Aurora Australis","correct":true,"count":"76,294"},{"text":"Aurora Borealis","correct":false,"count":"97,971"},{"text":"Aurora Surialis","correct":false,"count":"47,621"}]
"text":"Shinto","correct":false,"count":"15,582"},{"text":"Zoroastrianism","correct":false,"count":"4,436"},{"text":"Taoism","correct":true,"count":"75,633"}]
"text":"Guillemets","correct":true,"count":"23,942"},{"text":"Chevrons","correct":false,"count":"40,788"},{"text":"Second brackets","correct":false,"count":"12,971"}]
"text":"First aid","correct":false,"count":"2,062"},{"text":"Organic chemistry","correct":true,"count":"19,080"},{"text":"Medicinal effects","correct":false,"count":"10,931"}]
"text":"Hype","correct":false,"count":"5,839"},{"text":"XXL","correct":true,"count":"10,378"},{"text":"The Source","correct":false,"count":"4,994"}]
"text":"Raiders of the Lost Ark","correct":false,"count":"2,883"},{"text":"Return of the Jedi","correct":true,"count":"5,157"},{"text":"The Empire Strikes Back","correct":false,"count":"3,639"}]
"text":"Glad","correct":true,"count":"2,481"},{"text":"Merry","correct":false,"count":"2,150"},{"text":"Blithe","correct":false,"count":"1,468"}]
"text":"Whale","correct":true,"count":"2,449"},{"text":"Civet","correct":false,"count":"498"},{"text":"Water buffalo","correct":false,"count":"287"}]
"text":"Call you make to grandma","correct":false,"count":"33,149"},{"text":"Second helping of pie","correct":false,"count":"27,871"},{"text":"Tweet","correct":true,"count":"352,542"}]
"text":"Caverns","correct":true,"count":"314,761"},{"text":"Leprechaun jungle","correct":false,"count":"7,762"},{"text":"Alpine lakes","correct":false,"count":"29,639"}]
"text":"Cheesehead","correct":true,"count":"308,440"},{"text":"Soupnoggin","correct":false,"count":"4,499"},{"text":"Burgerface","correct":false,"count":"1,933"}]
"text":"Acceptance","correct":false,"count":"13,111"},{"text":"Accuracy","correct":false,"count":"13,515"},{"text":"Aptitude","correct":true,"count":"280,429"}]
"text":"North Dakota","correct":false,"count":"28,529"},{"text":"Alaska","correct":false,"count":"53,178"},{"text":"California","correct":true,"count":"197,796"}]
"text":"Grapes","correct":true,"count":"83,530"},{"text":"Potatoes","correct":false,"count":"41,759"},{"text":"Tomatoes","correct":false,"count":"76,269"}]
"text":"Goat horn","correct":false,"count":"22,506"},{"text":"Elephant trunk","correct":false,"count":"37,047"},{"text":"Cat’s paw","correct":true,"count":"34,066"}]
"text":"Barbecue","correct":false,"count":"7,500"},{"text":"Picnic","correct":true,"count":"30,318"},{"text":"Pool party","correct":false,"count":"3,534"}]
"text":"Marlon Brando","correct":false,"count":"5,706"},{"text":"Meryl Streep","correct":false,"count":"4,660"},{"text":"Sally Field","correct":true,"count":"21,111"}]
"text":"Carrot Top","correct":false,"count":"3,599"},{"text":"Yakov Smirnoff","correct":true,"count":"10,786"},{"text":"Jeff Foxworthy","correct":false,"count":"7,766"}]
"text":"Swimming","correct":false,"count":"1,813"},{"text":"Wrestling","correct":true,"count":"1,480"},{"text":"Leaving","correct":false,"count":"9,132"}]
"text":"Yell squad","correct":true,"count":"1,675"},{"text":"Rally criers","correct":false,"count":"991"},{"text":"Spirit saluters","correct":false,"count":"754"}]
"text":"Goalie","correct":false,"count":"2,770"},{"text":"Team dad","correct":false,"count":"817"},{"text":"Center","correct":true,"count":"129,827"}]
"text":"Bullpen cart","correct":false,"count":"4,073"},{"text":"Zamboni","correct":true,"count":"123,455"},{"text":"Jet ski","correct":false,"count":"1,163"}]
"text":"Khalil Mack","correct":true,"count":"79,554"},{"text":"Von Miller","correct":false,"count":"20,696"},{"text":"Richard Sherman","correct":false,"count":"19,400"}]
"text":"Bullpen catcher","correct":false,"count":"2,526"},{"text":"Umpire","correct":false,"count":"32,834"},{"text":"On-air analyst","correct":true,"count":"41,894"}]
"text":"Virginia Tech Hokies","correct":false,"count":"9,637"},{"text":"Stanford Cardinals","correct":false,"count":"14,296"},{"text":"Auburn Tigers","correct":true,"count":"17,952"}]
"text":"Bronze","correct":true,"count":"6,846"},{"text":"Silver","correct":false,"count":"5,444"},{"text":"Gold","correct":false,"count":"6,687"}]
"text":"Martina Navratilova","correct":false,"count":"628"},{"text":"Billie Jean King","correct":true,"count":"6,103"},{"text":"Chris Evert","correct":false,"count":"1,140"}]
"text":"Florida State","correct":false,"count":"2,018"},{"text":"Ohio State","correct":true,"count":"3,445"},{"text":"USC","correct":false,"count":"719"}]
"text":"Washington","correct":true,"count":"2,467"},{"text":"San Francisco","correct":false,"count":"863"},{"text":"Dallas","correct":false,"count":"448"}]
"text":"NBA","correct":false,"count":"893"},{"text":"MLB","correct":true,"count":"1,010"},{"text":"NFL","correct":false,"count":"704"}]
"text":"Michigan","correct":false,"count":"241"},{"text":"Michigan State","correct":false,"count":"113"},{"text":"Army","correct":true,"count":"891"}]
"text":"Internet","correct":true,"count":"294,434"},{"text":"Outerbag","correct":false,"count":"940"},{"text":"Innertube","correct":false,"count":"691"}]
"text":"Athletic Romanians","correct":false,"count":"5,635"},{"text":"Augmented reality","correct":true,"count":"274,856"},{"text":"Affectionate robocops","correct":false,"count":"7,220"}]
"text":"Super Meat Boy","correct":false,"count":"6,616"},{"text":"Metal Gear Solid","correct":false,"count":"15,436"},{"text":"Tetris","correct":true,"count":"246,800"}]
"text":"SEXY","correct":true,"count":"54,378"},{"text":"STEM","correct":false,"count":"64,720"},{"text":"ELON","correct":false,"count":"121,130"}]
"text":"Apple","correct":true,"count":"36,756"},{"text":"Google","correct":false,"count":"11,432"},{"text":"Facebook","correct":false,"count":"11,791"}]
"text":"Coffee pot","correct":true,"count":"14,151"},{"text":"Bird feeder","correct":false,"count":"14,391"},{"text":"Traffic intersection","correct":false,"count":"9,255"}]
"text":"United States","correct":false,"count":"479"},{"text":"Norway","correct":false,"count":"3,884"},{"text":"South Korea","correct":true,"count":"10,649"}]
"text":"Karlie Kloss","correct":true,"count":"6,446"},{"text":"Chrissy Teigen","correct":false,"count":"3,057"},{"text":"Gigi Hadid","correct":false,"count":"1,553"}]
"text":"Electric car","correct":false,"count":"2,485"},{"text":"Portable music player","correct":false,"count":"2,868"},{"text":"Electronic digital watch","correct":true,"count":"1,548"}]
"text":"Mac OS 8","correct":false,"count":"254"},{"text":"Microsoft Excel","correct":true,"count":"2,007"},{"text":"Lotus Notes","correct":false,"count":"250"}]
"text":"China","correct":false,"count":"953"},{"text":"Jordan","correct":false,"count":"624"},{"text":"Costa Rica","correct":true,"count":"428"}]
"text":"Bamboozle","correct":false,"count":"51"},{"text":"Bluff","correct":false,"count":"154"},{"text":"Butt","correct":true,"count":"409"}]
"text":"Cuba Gooding Jr.","correct":false,"count":"7,592"},{"text":"Robert Downey Jr.*","correct":true,"count":"387,158"},{"text":"Harry Connick Jr.","correct":false,"count":"7,794"}]
"text":"Friends","correct":false,"count":"1,099"},{"text":"Classmates","correct":false,"count":"705"},{"text":"Buds","correct":true,"count":"383,242"}]
"text":"Braggadocio","correct":false,"count":"1,302"},{"text":"Bravo","correct":false,"count":"1,934"},{"text":"Brassiere","correct":true,"count":"378,008"}]
"text":"Porcupette","correct":true,"count":"227,653"},{"text":"Porculina","correct":false,"count":"95,941"},{"text":"Porkpie","correct":false,"count":"47,644"}]
"text":"Florida","correct":true,"count":"200,621"},{"text":"California","correct":false,"count":"10,741"},{"text":"Hawaii","correct":false,"count":"19,386"}]
"text":"Horseradish","correct":true,"count":"103,362"},{"text":"Wasabi root","correct":false,"count":"48,346"},{"text":"Neither","correct":false,"count":"48,176"}]
"text":"Boyz II Men","correct":true,"count":"50,880"},{"text":"Spice Girls","correct":false,"count":"7,288"},{"text":"Fall Out Boy","correct":false,"count":"46,518"}]
"text":"Ridged forehead","correct":true,"count":"26,597"},{"text":"Green blood","correct":false,"count":"21,996"},{"text":"Pointy ears","correct":false,"count":"5,417"}]
"text":"When Harry Met Sally","correct":false,"count":"11,581"},{"text":"Sleepless in Seattle","correct":false,"count":"10,418"},{"text":"You’ve Got Mail","correct":true,"count":"6,334"}]
"text":"RADIANT","correct":false,"count":"1,880"},{"text":"JUST","correct":true,"count":"6,019"},{"text":"TERRIFIC","correct":false,"count":"1,266"}]
"text":"Uzbekistan","correct":false,"count":"2,458"},{"text":"USA","correct":true,"count":"1,875"},{"text":"Sweden","correct":false,"count":"1,832"}]
"text":"Straw","correct":true,"count":"239,162"},{"text":"Salt and vinegar chips","correct":false,"count":"5,500"},{"text":"Unicorn pool floaties","correct":false,"count":"3,549"}]
"text":"Sternum","correct":true,"count":"234,724"},{"text":"Jetsam","correct":false,"count":"859"},{"text":"Flotsam","correct":false,"count":"1,082"}]
"text":"Tea","correct":true,"count":"147,590"},{"text":"Cola","correct":false,"count":"74,704"},{"text":"Alcohol","correct":false,"count":"8,639"}]
"text":"Temper tantrums","correct":true,"count":"79,498"},{"text":"Interest in astrology","correct":false,"count":"28,150"},{"text":"Knowledge of history","correct":false,"count":"36,442"}]
"text":"East","correct":true,"count":"41,666"},{"text":"West","correct":false,"count":"19,053"},{"text":"South","correct":false,"count":"14,406"}]
"text":"Dunce hats","correct":false,"count":"12,676"},{"text":"Bow ties","correct":true,"count":"27,937"},{"text":"Glasses","correct":false,"count":"2,346"}]
"text":"Marsupial","correct":true,"count":"19,912"},{"text":"Reptile","correct":false,"count":"3,389"},{"text":"Bird","correct":false,"count":"4,465"}]
"text":"Bust of Cleopatra","correct":false,"count":"1,572"},{"text":"Magna Carta","correct":true,"count":"11,008"},{"text":"Queen’s jewels","correct":false,"count":"7,328"}]
"text":"Janet Weiss","correct":false,"count":"2,043"},{"text":"Magenta","correct":true,"count":"3,201"},{"text":"Dr. Frank-N-Furter","correct":false,"count":"5,999"}]
"text":"Pizza","correct":false,"count":"243"},{"text":"Hot dogs","correct":false,"count":"3,302"},{"text":"Toffee","correct":true,"count":"766"}]
"text":"10,000 steps","correct":true,"count":"506"},{"text":"Japanese Olympic city","correct":false,"count":"456"},{"text":"Inventor of device","correct":false,"count":"270"}]
"text":"Grocery shopping","correct":false,"count":"48"},{"text":"Catching a football","correct":true,"count":"296"},{"text":"Cleaning his car","correct":false,"count":"238"}]
"text":"Crazy rings","correct":false,"count":"6,869"},{"text":"Uneven bars","correct":true,"count":"100,187"},{"text":"Sloppy pommel horse","correct":false,"count":"1,692"}]
"text":"Hitter","correct":true,"count":"97,136"},{"text":"Homer","correct":false,"count":"1,602"},{"text":"Hatmaker","correct":false,"count":"309"}]
"text":"Michael Jordan","correct":false,"count":"2,025"},{"text":"Colin Kaepernick","correct":true,"count":"91,246"},{"text":"Usain Bolt","correct":false,"count":"2,868"}]
"text":"NHL","correct":false,"count":"23,381"},{"text":"NFL","correct":true,"count":"37,169"},{"text":"MLB","correct":false,"count":"23,235"}]
"text":"Christian Pulisic","correct":false,"count":"4,099"},{"text":"Clint Dempsey","correct":true,"count":"20,673"},{"text":"Landon Donovan","correct":false,"count":"14,191"}]
"text":"Texas A&M","correct":true,"count":"15,932"},{"text":"UCLA","correct":false,"count":"3,797"},{"text":"LSU","correct":false,"count":"1,341"}]
"text":"Falcons","correct":true,"count":"7,350"},{"text":"49ers","correct":false,"count":"3,429"},{"text":"Panthers","correct":false,"count":"5,193"}]
"text":"Wimbledon","correct":false,"count":"666"},{"text":"America’s Cup","correct":false,"count":"2,384"},{"text":"Indy 500","correct":true,"count":"5,055"}]
"text":"Caroline Wozniacki","correct":false,"count":"1,712"},{"text":"Venus Williams","correct":true,"count":"1,725"},{"text":"Maria Sharapova","correct":false,"count":"1,877"}]
"text":"Bunny hopper","correct":false,"count":"729"},{"text":"Bug boy","correct":true,"count":"609"},{"text":"Froggy","correct":false,"count":"887"}]
"text":"Safety","correct":false,"count":"178"},{"text":"Punter","correct":true,"count":"561"},{"text":"Quarterback","correct":false,"count":"119"}]
"text":"George Brett","correct":true,"count":"237"},{"text":"Rod Carew","correct":false,"count":"155"},{"text":"Tony Gwynn","correct":false,"count":"193"}]
"text":"Belly-button","correct":false,"count":"4,077"},{"text":"Elbow","correct":false,"count":"2,109"},{"text":"Eye","correct":true,"count":"417,549"}]
"text":"One per day","correct":true,"count":"410,221"},{"text":"Five per week","correct":false,"count":"1,907"},{"text":"Three every 12 hours","correct":false,"count":"1,074"}]
"text":"The Wizard of Oz","correct":false,"count":"21,125"},{"text":"Citizen Kane","correct":false,"count":"38,926"},{"text":"Casablanca","correct":true,"count":"346,374"}]
"text":"Antibiotics","correct":false,"count":"51,414"},{"text":"Heat","correct":true,"count":"271,179"},{"text":"Centrifuges","correct":false,"count":"23,589"}]
"text":"Sorry!","correct":true,"count":"78,001"},{"text":"Risk","correct":false,"count":"86,974"},{"text":"Mouse Trap","correct":false,"count":"105,949"}]
"text":"Bowling","correct":false,"count":"12,068"},{"text":"Lacrosse","correct":true,"count":"65,565"},{"text":"Badminton","correct":false,"count":"13,768"}]
"text":"Everybody Loves Raymond","correct":true,"count":"47,067"},{"text":"According to Jim","correct":false,"count":"14,933"},{"text":"My Name Is Earl","correct":false,"count":"4,866"}]
"text":"Singapore","correct":true,"count":"19,449"},{"text":"Canada","correct":false,"count":"8,980"},{"text":"Finland","correct":false,"count":"20,086"}]
"text":"Crown","correct":false,"count":"10,705"},{"text":"Sandals","correct":false,"count":"6,306"},{"text":"Food","correct":true,"count":"6,240"}]
"text":"Cremello","correct":false,"count":"1,495"},{"text":"Skewbald","correct":false,"count":"2,398"},{"text":"Mackerel","correct":true,"count":"4,673"}]
"text":"Upside down","correct":false,"count":"2,717"},{"text":"Backwards","correct":true,"count":"1,759"},{"text":"Miniature","correct":false,"count":"622"}]
"text":"Neon","correct":false,"count":"3,049"},{"text":"Gold","correct":true,"count":"204,880"},{"text":"Tin","correct":false,"count":"10,284"}]
"text":"Triple letter score","correct":false,"count":"8,205"},{"text":"Lose a turn","correct":true,"count":"188,811"},{"text":"Double word score","correct":false,"count":"5,461"}]
"text":"Chicken","correct":false,"count":"8,439"},{"text":"Sheep","correct":false,"count":"17,100"},{"text":"Pig","correct":true,"count":"161,616"}]
"text":"Direction","correct":false,"count":"14,610"},{"text":"Development","correct":false,"count":"96,379"},{"text":"Design","correct":true,"count":"49,771"}]
"text":"Scorpion","correct":false,"count":"2,728"},{"text":"Ant","correct":false,"count":"2,171"},{"text":"Snake","correct":true,"count":"42,275"}]
"text":"Green Bay","correct":true,"count":"29,925"},{"text":"Minneapolis","correct":false,"count":"7,484"},{"text":"Chicago","correct":false,"count":"4,648"}]
"text":"Joan Rivers","correct":true,"count":"26,243"},{"text":"Joy Behar","correct":false,"count":"2,625"},{"text":"Whoopi Goldberg","correct":false,"count":"2,037"}]
"text":"Isle of Jersey","correct":false,"count":"4,706"},{"text":"Isle of Man","correct":false,"count":"11,636"},{"text":"Isle of Wight","correct":true,"count":"10,238"}]
"text":"Slid into a swamp","correct":false,"count":"1,404"},{"text":"Collapsed","correct":false,"count":"1,845"},{"text":"Caught fire","correct":true,"count":"9,860"}]
"text":"Green Lantern","correct":false,"count":"3,771"},{"text":"The Phantom","correct":true,"count":"5,040"},{"text":"The Spirit","correct":false,"count":"1,607"}]
"text":"Beelzebub","correct":true,"count":"2,020"},{"text":"Mephistopheles","correct":false,"count":"2,144"},{"text":"Lucifer","correct":false,"count":"1,685"}]
"text":"Rice & Beans","correct":false,"count":"1,378"},{"text":"Random & Beautiful","correct":false,"count":"1,420"},{"text":"Rhythm & Blues","correct":true,"count":"464,897"}]
"text":"The Wiggles","correct":false,"count":"18,453"},{"text":"Notorious BIG","correct":true,"count":"419,440"},{"text":"Raffi","correct":false,"count":"20,237"}]
"text":"U2","correct":false,"count":"24,835"},{"text":"BTS","correct":true,"count":"361,685"},{"text":"Right Said Fred","correct":false,"count":"31,595"}]
"text":"Adele","correct":true,"count":"193,521"},{"text":"Ariana Grande","correct":false,"count":"21,404"},{"text":"Taylor Swift","correct":false,"count":"146,294"}]
"text":"Flip flops","correct":false,"count":"4,153"},{"text":"Scarf","correct":false,"count":"21,727"},{"text":"Top hat","correct":true,"count":"182,070"}]
"text":"Pixies","correct":false,"count":"41,516"},{"text":"Weezer","correct":true,"count":"120,228"},{"text":"Green Day","correct":false,"count":"21,736"}]
"text":"Nyan Cat","correct":false,"count":"7,243"},{"text":"MC Skat Kat","correct":true,"count":"103,813"},{"text":"Stimpson J. Cat","correct":false,"count":"14,319"}]
"text":"Spider-Man","correct":false,"count":"20,930"},{"text":"Legally Blonde","correct":false,"count":"22,007"},{"text":"Charlie’s Angels","correct":true,"count":"61,681"}]
"text":"Black-eyed peas","correct":true,"count":"27,016"},{"text":"Tennessee whiskey","correct":false,"count":"29,531"},{"text":"Strawberry jam","correct":false,"count":"12,335"}]
"text":"Dolly Parton","correct":true,"count":"13,202"},{"text":"Madonna","correct":false,"count":"15,343"},{"text":"Whitney Houston","correct":false,"count":"5,330"}]
"text":"Roger Taylor","correct":false,"count":"3,996"},{"text":"Brian May","correct":true,"count":"7,768"},{"text":"Freddie Mercury","correct":false,"count":"4,729"}]
"text":"Self-love","correct":false,"count":"1,602"},{"text":"Tracks","correct":true,"count":"341,558"},{"text":"Nitro cold brew","correct":false,"count":"882"}]
"text":"Spaghetti strap","correct":true,"count":"332,188"},{"text":"Tagliatelle top","correct":false,"count":"3,596"},{"text":"Bucatini blouse","correct":false,"count":"2,490"}]
"text":"Cymbals","correct":true,"count":"319,197"},{"text":"Flute","correct":false,"count":"8,500"},{"text":"Piano","correct":false,"count":"2,148"}]
"text":"St. Patrick’s Day","correct":false,"count":"13,295"},{"text":"Rosh Hashanah","correct":false,"count":"16,702"},{"text":"Christmas","correct":true,"count":"284,308"}]
"text":"Paranoia","correct":false,"count":"9,118"},{"text":"Wisdom","correct":true,"count":"249,938"},{"text":"Cruelty","correct":false,"count":"25,575"}]
"text":"Kinetic","correct":false,"count":"38,798"},{"text":"Potential","correct":false,"count":"40,188"},{"text":"Radiant","correct":true,"count":"168,855"}]
"text":"Demolition Man","correct":false,"count":"48,959"},{"text":"Anaconda","correct":false,"count":"38,850"},{"text":"Batman & Robin","correct":true,"count":"86,877"}]
"text":"Beef","correct":true,"count":"34,777"},{"text":"Uniforms","correct":false,"count":"31,310"},{"text":"Ammunition","correct":false,"count":"29,898"}]
"text":"Linda Evangelista","correct":false,"count":"6,447"},{"text":"Kate Moss","correct":true,"count":"28,484"},{"text":"Christy Turlington","correct":false,"count":"7,895"}]
"text":"Firefox","correct":false,"count":"4,394"},{"text":"Giraffe","correct":true,"count":"13,462"},{"text":"Peacock","correct":false,"count":"12,627"}]
"text":"Hockey","correct":true,"count":"3,430"},{"text":"Golf","correct":false,"count":"7,385"},{"text":"Tennis","correct":false,"count":"6,175"}]
"text":"Sham","correct":true,"count":"347,412"},{"text":"Jon Hamm","correct":false,"count":"3,970"},{"text":"Baby pram","correct":false,"count":"4,977"}]
"text":"Tea leaves","correct":true,"count":"327,979"},{"text":"Shaq’s Twitter feed","correct":false,"count":"1,450"},{"text":"Tabloid magazines","correct":false,"count":"13,750"}]
"text":"Supergirl","correct":false,"count":"4,056"},{"text":"Poison Ivy","correct":true,"count":"306,461"},{"text":"Storm","correct":false,"count":"15,516"}]
"text":"Bees","correct":false,"count":"25,707"},{"text":"Trees","correct":true,"count":"271,424"},{"text":"Seas","correct":false,"count":"4,318"}]
"text":"Arms / shoulders","correct":false,"count":"31,769"},{"text":"Knees / toes","correct":false,"count":"56,564"},{"text":"Feet / hands","correct":true,"count":"181,597"}]
"text":"There is no state","correct":false,"count":"31,098"},{"text":"I am the state","correct":true,"count":"92,712"},{"text":"The state is the people","correct":false,"count":"50,224"}]
"text":"Massachusetts","correct":true,"count":"68,665"},{"text":"Washington","correct":false,"count":"13,151"},{"text":"Delaware","correct":false,"count":"14,281"}]
"text":"Carnation","correct":true,"count":"26,123"},{"text":"Bluebonnet","correct":false,"count":"11,849"},{"text":"Zinnia","correct":false,"count":"33,431"}]
"text":"Quite stylish","correct":false,"count":"7,798"},{"text":"Goodbye, friends","correct":true,"count":"11,040"},{"text":"See you next year","correct":false,"count":"10,070"}]
"text":"Five prayers a day","correct":false,"count":"839"},{"text":"Pilgrimage to Mecca","correct":true,"count":"11,810"},{"text":"Fasting during Ramadan","correct":false,"count":"1,261"}]
"text":"Call Me Maybe","correct":false,"count":"3,302"},{"text":"Livin’ on a Prayer","correct":true,"count":"5,304"},{"text":"Macarena","correct":false,"count":"3,049"}]
"text":"Dakota Thunderbolts","correct":false,"count":"20,845"},{"text":"Minnesota Vikings","correct":true,"count":"310,138"},{"text":"Caribbean Seadogs","correct":false,"count":"14,832"}]
"text":"Pigeons","correct":true,"count":"306,142"},{"text":"Falcons","correct":false,"count":"1,935"},{"text":"Eagles","correct":false,"count":"1,150"}]
"text":"Jets","correct":false,"count":"77,160"},{"text":"Giants","correct":false,"count":"103,463"},{"text":"Bills","correct":true,"count":"118,015"}]
"text":"Walter Payton","correct":true,"count":"94,798"},{"text":"Deion Sanders","correct":false,"count":"19,871"},{"text":"Jerry Rice","correct":false,"count":"14,410"}]
"text":"England","correct":true,"count":"79,883"},{"text":"Canada","correct":false,"count":"5,256"},{"text":"Mexico","correct":false,"count":"10,872"}]
"text":"David Tyree","correct":false,"count":"16,429"},{"text":"Brandon Jacobs","correct":false,"count":"15,549"},{"text":"Plaxico Burress","correct":true,"count":"48,074"}]
"text":"Jets","correct":false,"count":"10,953"},{"text":"Packers","correct":false,"count":"10,608"},{"text":"49ers","correct":true,"count":"30,315"}]
"text":"Marvin Harrison","correct":false,"count":"10,943"},{"text":"Terrell Owens","correct":false,"count":"11,229"},{"text":"Brandon Marshall","correct":true,"count":"11,437"}]
"text":"Chargers","correct":true,"count":"4,200"},{"text":"Colts","correct":false,"count":"1,491"},{"text":"Rams","correct":false,"count":"8,856"}]
"text":"Jets","correct":false,"count":"1,205"},{"text":"Raiders","correct":false,"count":"930"},{"text":"Cowboys","correct":true,"count":"3,682"}]
"text":"49ers","correct":false,"count":"2,292"},{"text":"Bengals","correct":true,"count":"1,414"},{"text":"Raiders","correct":false,"count":"210"}]
"text":"Defensive lineman","correct":false,"count":"1,115"},{"text":"Quarterback","correct":false,"count":"119"},{"text":"Wide receiver","correct":true,"count":"487"}]
"text":"Packers","correct":false,"count":"116"},{"text":"Cardinals","correct":false,"count":"262"},{"text":"Lions","correct":true,"count":"264"}]
"text":"Robert Griffin III","correct":false,"count":"66"},{"text":"Tony Romo","correct":false,"count":"52"},{"text":"Nick Foles","correct":true,"count":"210"}]
"text":"California","correct":false,"count":"12"},{"text":"Pennsylvania","correct":true,"count":"175"},{"text":"Illinois","correct":false,"count":"33"}]
"text":"Central New Jersey","correct":false,"count":"17,366"},{"text":"Paris","correct":true,"count":"537,621"},{"text":"Eastern Eurasia","correct":false,"count":"2,083"}]
"text":"Bruce Willis","correct":false,"count":"10,895"},{"text":"Bruce Springsteen","correct":true,"count":"520,512"},{"text":"Bruce Lee","correct":false,"count":"4,148"}]
"text":"Gorilla","correct":false,"count":"2,722"},{"text":"Monkey","correct":true,"count":"462,590"},{"text":"Chimpanzee","correct":false,"count":"52,633"}]
"text":"England","correct":false,"count":"16,762"},{"text":"Scotland","correct":false,"count":"97,349"},{"text":"Republic of Ireland","correct":true,"count":"347,725"}]
"text":"MLB","correct":true,"count":"161,883"},{"text":"NFL","correct":false,"count":"55,971"},{"text":"NBA","correct":false,"count":"112,285"}]
"text":"Mongolia","correct":false,"count":"68,598"},{"text":"Cambodia","correct":false,"count":"73,711"},{"text":"China","correct":true,"count":"40,683"}]
"text":"Hannibal Buress","correct":false,"count":"3,589"},{"text":"Steve Martin","correct":false,"count":"24,121"},{"text":"Groucho Marx","correct":true,"count":"27,228"}]
"text":"Saint","correct":true,"count":"16,017"},{"text":"Shepherd","correct":false,"count":"7,769"},{"text":"Prior pope","correct":false,"count":"6,158"}]
"text":"The Eagles","correct":false,"count":"6,093"},{"text":"ABBA","correct":false,"count":"3,242"},{"text":"David Bowie","correct":true,"count":"8,194"}]
"text":"Prince Edward Island","correct":true,"count":"5,725"},{"text":"Nova Scotia","correct":false,"count":"2,380"},{"text":"New Brunswick","correct":false,"count":"1,116"}]
"text":"Snollygoster","correct":true,"count":"2,853"},{"text":"Slumgullion","correct":false,"count":"2,897"},{"text":"Sexagesimal","correct":false,"count":"328"}]
"text":"Robert","correct":false,"count":"1,021"},{"text":"Vito","correct":true,"count":"1,433"},{"text":"Michael","correct":false,"count":"916"}]
"text":"Nightwing","correct":false,"count":"253"},{"text":"Captain Marvel","correct":true,"count":"1,195"},{"text":"Daredevil","correct":false,"count":"298"}]
"text":"North by Northwest","correct":true,"count":"622"},{"text":"Vertigo","correct":false,"count":"342"},{"text":"Psycho","correct":false,"count":"263"}]
"text":"Triple-double","correct":true,"count":"113,563"},{"text":"Double-double with sauce","correct":false,"count":"3,635"},{"text":"Dipsy-doodle","correct":false,"count":"1,297"}]
"text":"Heisman Trophy","correct":true,"count":"111,026"},{"text":"Golden Fidget Spinner","correct":false,"count":"836"},{"text":"Nobel Prize","correct":false,"count":"893"}]
"text":"Longest game since merge","correct":true,"count":"54,438"},{"text":"Unfinished game","correct":false,"count":"33,171"},{"text":"Scoreless game","correct":false,"count":"20,628"}]
"text":"Dara Torres","correct":false,"count":"4,564"},{"text":"Jennie Finch","correct":true,"count":"46,239"},{"text":"Bonnie Blair","correct":false,"count":"5,472"}]
"text":"Ball","correct":false,"count":"15,315"},{"text":"Runner takes first","correct":true,"count":"19,928"},{"text":"Foul","correct":false,"count":"10,244"}]
"text":"Madison Keys","correct":false,"count":"2,561"},{"text":"Sloane Stephens","correct":true,"count":"8,049"},{"text":"Serena Williams","correct":false,"count":"11,330"}]
"text":"Nolan Ryan","correct":true,"count":"3,739"},{"text":"Roger Clemens","correct":false,"count":"1,245"},{"text":"Sandy Koufax","correct":false,"count":"4,067"}]
"text":"USA","correct":false,"count":"276"},{"text":"United Kingdom","correct":true,"count":"3,053"},{"text":"Kenya","correct":false,"count":"966"}]
"text":"Brett Hull","correct":false,"count":"977"},{"text":"Mario Lemieux","correct":false,"count":"601"},{"text":"Gordie Howe","correct":true,"count":"1,586"}]
"text":"FC Barcelona","correct":false,"count":"165"},{"text":"Manchester United","correct":true,"count":"1,145"},{"text":"Real Madrid","correct":false,"count":"471"}]
"text":"Adrian Peterson","correct":false,"count":"234"},{"text":"Barry Sanders","correct":true,"count":"472"},{"text":"Eric Dickerson","correct":false,"count":"558"}]
"text":"Tigers","correct":false,"count":"179"},{"text":"Yankees","correct":false,"count":"111"},{"text":"Cubs","correct":true,"count":"340"}]
"text":"Fall","correct":true,"count":"415,627"},{"text":"Tumble","correct":false,"count":"1,487"},{"text":"Naked cartwheel","correct":false,"count":"595"}]
"text":"20/20","correct":true,"count":"409,345"},{"text":"24/7","correct":false,"count":"1,565"},{"text":"4/20","correct":false,"count":"1,052"}]
"text":"Connect Four","correct":false,"count":"8,230"},{"text":"Chutes and Ladders","correct":false,"count":"8,945"},{"text":"Twister","correct":true,"count":"388,488"}]
"text":"Yogurt","correct":true,"count":"381,028"},{"text":"Red velvet cake","correct":false,"count":"1,347"},{"text":"Seared pork chops","correct":false,"count":"4,530"}]
"text":"Uterus","correct":false,"count":"21,847"},{"text":"Placenta","correct":true,"count":"347,947"},{"text":"Cervix","correct":false,"count":"8,899"}]
"text":"Waterproof","correct":true,"count":"100,189"},{"text":"Long-lasting","correct":false,"count":"157,386"},{"text":"Broad spectrum","correct":false,"count":"86,279"}]
"text":"Dressing like a saint","correct":false,"count":"20,230"},{"text":"Eating more beignets","correct":false,"count":"6,160"},{"text":"Dancing in a parade","correct":true,"count":"90,481"}]
"text":"Oat milk","correct":false,"count":"11,271"},{"text":"Soy milk","correct":false,"count":"20,697"},{"text":"Almond milk","correct":true,"count":"59,779"}]
"text":"Clematis","correct":false,"count":"3,574"},{"text":"Baby’s breath","correct":true,"count":"53,743"},{"text":"Amaryllis","correct":false,"count":"5,943"}]
"text":"Art Jeffries","correct":true,"count":"20,832"},{"text":"Cameron Poe","correct":false,"count":"15,853"},{"text":"Castor Troy","correct":false,"count":"17,807"}]
"text":"São Paulo","correct":false,"count":"7,995"},{"text":"Chicago","correct":false,"count":"11,685"},{"text":"New York City","correct":true,"count":"6,589"}]
"text":"Hardware","correct":false,"count":"2,806"},{"text":"Software","correct":false,"count":"3,887"},{"text":"Swimwear","correct":true,"count":"223,860"}]
"text":"Skype","correct":false,"count":"7,323"},{"text":"Bing","correct":true,"count":"195,778"},{"text":"Giant Panda Cam","correct":false,"count":"17,237"}]
"text":"Modem","correct":false,"count":"9,215"},{"text":"Memory","correct":true,"count":"182,100"},{"text":"Machine","correct":false,"count":"2,661"}]
"text":"Large Hadron Collider","correct":true,"count":"114,975"},{"text":"Antiproton Decelerator","correct":false,"count":"30,540"},{"text":"Super Proton Synchrotron","correct":false,"count":"26,876"}]
"text":"Google","correct":true,"count":"46,275"},{"text":"Facebook","correct":false,"count":"21,208"},{"text":"Amazon","correct":false,"count":"47,767"}]
"text":"Game Boy","correct":false,"count":"36,281"},{"text":"Pocket Stadium","correct":false,"count":"3,220"},{"text":"Microvision","correct":true,"count":"10,178"}]
"text":"AirPower","correct":true,"count":"5,540"},{"text":"AirDrop","correct":false,"count":"2,886"},{"text":"AirCharge","correct":false,"count":"4,974"}]
"text":"SKYWALKER","correct":false,"count":"1,657"},{"text":"LUCASFILM","correct":true,"count":"3,379"},{"text":"STARLIGHT","correct":false,"count":"1,012"}]
"text":"Wannacry","correct":false,"count":"638"},{"text":"Meltdown","correct":true,"count":"2,014"},{"text":"Heartbleed","correct":false,"count":"1,049"}]
"text":"RollerCoaster Tycoon","correct":true,"count":"1,350"},{"text":"The Sims","correct":false,"count":"451"},{"text":"Myst","correct":false,"count":"407"}]
"text":"Ambient light sensor","correct":true,"count":"592"},{"text":"Compass","correct":false,"count":"543"},{"text":"Gyroscope","correct":false,"count":"283"}]
"text":"Python","correct":false,"count":"214"},{"text":"C++","correct":false,"count":"174"},{"text":"Java","correct":true,"count":"275"}]
"text":"Scantron","correct":false,"count":"12,449"},{"text":"Tron: Legacy","correct":false,"count":"6,537"},{"text":"Jumbotron","correct":true,"count":"354,449"}]
"text":"License","correct":true,"count":"349,829"},{"text":"Lotta love","correct":false,"count":"1,796"},{"text":"Listening skills","correct":false,"count":"820"}]
"text":"Silly goose","correct":false,"count":"6,732"},{"text":"Wise owl","correct":false,"count":"76,976"},{"text":"Lame duck","correct":true,"count":"260,750"}]
"text":"Zebra","correct":false,"count":"29,941"},{"text":"Narwhal","correct":false,"count":"111,512"},{"text":"Rhinoceros","correct":true,"count":"120,493"}]
"text":"Sexy lady","correct":false,"count":"12,671"},{"text":"Girl next door","correct":true,"count":"102,110"},{"text":"Darling angel","correct":false,"count":"10,366"}]
"text":"Belize","correct":true,"count":"42,394"},{"text":"Panama","correct":false,"count":"36,664"},{"text":"Costa Rica","correct":false,"count":"23,410"}]
"text":"Glasses","correct":false,"count":"1,541"},{"text":"Monocle","correct":false,"count":"33,621"},{"text":"Neither","correct":true,"count":"10,702"}]
"text":"Car company","correct":false,"count":"1,370"},{"text":"Insurance company","correct":false,"count":"2,833"},{"text":"Government agency","correct":true,"count":"10,667"}]
"text":"Hamlet","correct":false,"count":"1,292"},{"text":"Macbeth","correct":false,"count":"2,809"},{"text":"Othello","correct":true,"count":"6,963"}]
"text":"Packard","correct":true,"count":"4,967"},{"text":"GM","correct":false,"count":"1,627"},{"text":"Ford","correct":false,"count":"890"}]
"text":"Prince","correct":false,"count":"352"},{"text":"Michael","correct":false,"count":"1,060"},{"text":"Elvis","correct":true,"count":"3,826"}]
"text":"Love","correct":true,"count":"106,388"},{"text":"Crush","correct":false,"count":"6,631"},{"text":"Like-like","correct":false,"count":"2,188"}]
"text":"Runners on base","correct":true,"count":"99,732"},{"text":"Clouds in the sky","correct":false,"count":"737"},{"text":"Puddles in the infield","correct":false,"count":"4,682"}]
"text":"Hail Mary","correct":true,"count":"86,534"},{"text":"Field goal attempt","correct":false,"count":"5,631"},{"text":"Punt return","correct":false,"count":"6,100"}]
"text":"All lost","correct":true,"count":"47,659"},{"text":"All played at home","correct":false,"count":"22,776"},{"text":"All won","correct":false,"count":"13,614"}]
"text":"Table tennis","correct":true,"count":"36,920"},{"text":"Rugby","correct":false,"count":"3,642"},{"text":"Cricket","correct":false,"count":"7,644"}]
"text":"Aaron Rodgers","correct":false,"count":"4,642"},{"text":"Sam Darnold","correct":false,"count":"3,821"},{"text":"Ryan Fitzpatrick","correct":true,"count":"28,990"}]
"text":"Dodgers","correct":true,"count":"20,375"},{"text":"Astros","correct":false,"count":"3,492"},{"text":"Braves","correct":false,"count":"5,583"}]
"text":"Washington","correct":true,"count":"9,540"},{"text":"Miami","correct":false,"count":"3,485"},{"text":"Michigan","correct":false,"count":"6,974"}]
"text":"Argentina","correct":false,"count":"2,040"},{"text":"Brazil","correct":false,"count":"5,931"},{"text":"Australia","correct":true,"count":"3,377"}]
"text":"Boomer Esiason","correct":false,"count":"1,101"},{"text":"Anthony Muñoz","correct":true,"count":"2,742"},{"text":"TJ Houshmandzadeh","correct":false,"count":"1,137"}]
"text":"John Stockton","correct":true,"count":"731"},{"text":"Kyrie Irving","correct":false,"count":"785"},{"text":"Michael Jordan","correct":false,"count":"1,526"}]
"text":"Rahals","correct":false,"count":"186"},{"text":"Andrettis","correct":false,"count":"328"},{"text":"Unsers","correct":true,"count":"661"}]
"text":"Tweeting","correct":false,"count":"4,312"},{"text":"Eating","correct":false,"count":"3,639"},{"text":"Watching","correct":true,"count":"351,342"}]
"text":"Noreens","correct":false,"count":"1,201"},{"text":"Emmys","correct":true,"count":"346,163"},{"text":"Gertrudes","correct":false,"count":"1,010"}]
"text":"Condensing","correct":false,"count":"7,429"},{"text":"Freezing","correct":true,"count":"327,426"},{"text":"Boiling","correct":false,"count":"7,388"}]
"text":"Missouri","correct":true,"count":"259,000"},{"text":"Illinois","correct":false,"count":"39,271"},{"text":"Utah","correct":false,"count":"26,975"}]
"text":"Inertia","correct":true,"count":"209,626"},{"text":"Incoherence","correct":false,"count":"12,814"},{"text":"Entropy","correct":false,"count":"36,233"}]
"text":"Cloister","correct":false,"count":"18,156"},{"text":"Yeshiva","correct":true,"count":"126,206"},{"text":"Rabbi","correct":false,"count":"64,367"}]
"text":"Jane Seymour","correct":false,"count":"16,129"},{"text":"Angela Lansbury","correct":true,"count":"110,528"},{"text":"Betty White","correct":false,"count":"4,774"}]
"text":"Pittsburgh","correct":true,"count":"77,947"},{"text":"Chicago","correct":false,"count":"16,070"},{"text":"Detroit","correct":false,"count":"16,680"}]
"text":"Lincoln","correct":false,"count":"16,463"},{"text":"Jefferson","correct":true,"count":"55,933"},{"text":"Washington","correct":false,"count":"9,030"}]
"text":"Kentucky","correct":false,"count":"14,122"},{"text":"South Carolina","correct":false,"count":"10,467"},{"text":"Iowa","correct":true,"count":"34,588"}]
"text":"Margaret Thatcher","correct":false,"count":"15,885"},{"text":"William Gladstone","correct":true,"count":"10,904"},{"text":"Winston Churchill","correct":false,"count":"12,601"}]
"text":"Rihanna","correct":true,"count":"340,973"},{"text":"Paul McCartney","correct":false,"count":"12,334"},{"text":"Elon Musk","correct":false,"count":"14,726"}]
"text":"Little Black Dress","correct":true,"count":"336,303"},{"text":"Lotta Bank Deposits","correct":false,"count":"1,725"},{"text":"Let’s Buy Dungarees","correct":false,"count":"1,309"}]
"text":"Acid","correct":true,"count":"323,613"},{"text":"Bitter","correct":false,"count":"4,057"},{"text":"Venomous","correct":false,"count":"5,985"}]
"text":"When in doubt, wear red","correct":false,"count":"50,952"},{"text":"Make it work","correct":true,"count":"232,531"},{"text":"Excess is success","correct":false,"count":"34,047"}]
"text":"Tom Ford","correct":true,"count":"139,325"},{"text":"Thom Browne","correct":false,"count":"22,212"},{"text":"Isaac Mizrahi","correct":false,"count":"73,381"}]
"text":"Yves Saint Laurent","correct":true,"count":"69,898"},{"text":"Coco Chanel","correct":false,"count":"48,107"},{"text":"Hubert de Givenchy","correct":false,"count":"25,722"}]
"text":"Iris van Herpen","correct":false,"count":"3,962"},{"text":"Christian Louboutin","correct":false,"count":"15,084"},{"text":"Alexander McQueen","correct":true,"count":"55,374"}]
"text":"Michael Kors","correct":false,"count":"15,799"},{"text":"Calvin Klein","correct":false,"count":"6,456"},{"text":"Marc Jacobs","correct":true,"count":"34,084"}]
"text":"Iman","correct":false,"count":"13,489"},{"text":"Beverly Johnson","correct":true,"count":"15,914"},{"text":"Tyra Banks","correct":false,"count":"6,842"}]
"text":"Sophia Amoruso","correct":false,"count":"4,814"},{"text":"Virgil Abloh","correct":true,"count":"10,475"},{"text":"Jenna Lyons","correct":false,"count":"3,393"}]
"text":"Rick Owens","correct":false,"count":"6,316"},{"text":"Betsey Johnson","correct":true,"count":"4,281"},{"text":"Stella McCartney","correct":false,"count":"859"}]
"text":"Step-off","correct":false,"count":"3,157"},{"text":"Walk-in","correct":true,"count":"328,217"},{"text":"Dunk-on","correct":false,"count":"976"}]
"text":"French lightbulbs","correct":false,"count":"6,683"},{"text":"Roman candles","correct":true,"count":"306,319"},{"text":"Canadian neon lights","correct":false,"count":"11,783"}]
"text":"NYC","correct":false,"count":"11,170"},{"text":"DC","correct":true,"count":"287,343"},{"text":"SF","correct":false,"count":"5,712"}]
"text":"Flypaper","correct":false,"count":"24,530"},{"text":"Velcro","correct":false,"count":"39,377"},{"text":"Teflon","correct":true,"count":"214,643"}]
"text":"Owl","correct":false,"count":"35,204"},{"text":"Gopher","correct":true,"count":"145,266"},{"text":"Rabbit","correct":false,"count":"34,618"}]
"text":"Stuffed animal","correct":false,"count":"33,645"},{"text":"Comfy chair","correct":true,"count":"71,624"},{"text":"Fresh biscuits","correct":false,"count":"38,465"}]
"text":"Bengals","correct":false,"count":"10,029"},{"text":"Lions","correct":true,"count":"51,771"},{"text":"Browns","correct":false,"count":"12,926"}]
"text":"Flibbertigibbet","correct":false,"count":"13,298"},{"text":"Zounderkite","correct":true,"count":"24,983"},{"text":"Will-o’-the wisp","correct":false,"count":"14,083"}]
"text":"Shogun World","correct":true,"count":"13,648"},{"text":"Skyworld","correct":false,"count":"9,497"},{"text":"Tsar World","correct":false,"count":"4,572"}]
"text":"Infinite Jest","correct":true,"count":"6,898"},{"text":"The Goldfinch","correct":false,"count":"5,199"},{"text":"The Corrections","correct":false,"count":"3,536"}]
"text":"Sochi","correct":true,"count":"4,180"},{"text":"Volgograd","correct":false,"count":"1,727"},{"text":"St. Petersburg","correct":false,"count":"2,442"}]
"text":"French fries","correct":false,"count":"2,486"},{"text":"Bananas","correct":false,"count":"1,310"},{"text":"Sushi","correct":true,"count":"303,852"}]
"text":"Lay eggs","correct":false,"count":"3,718"},{"text":"Have wings","correct":true,"count":"295,306"},{"text":"Can peck you","correct":false,"count":"1,272"}]
"text":"Granola sampling","correct":false,"count":"6,239"},{"text":"Gorgeous vamping","correct":false,"count":"17,321"},{"text":"Glamorous camping","correct":true,"count":"268,408"}]
"text":"Robinson Crusoe","correct":false,"count":"31,682"},{"text":"Moby-Dick","correct":false,"count":"34,093"},{"text":"Treasure Island","correct":true,"count":"200,583"}]
"text":"Extras","correct":true,"count":"31,532"},{"text":"The Office","correct":false,"count":"149,242"},{"text":"Derek","correct":false,"count":"19,031"}]
"text":"All of them","correct":true,"count":"12,610"},{"text":"None of them","correct":false,"count":"6,611"},{"text":"Mercury only","correct":false,"count":"20,546"}]
"text":"Political","correct":false,"count":"1,603"},{"text":"Action","correct":false,"count":"1,710"},{"text":"Community","correct":true,"count":"11,144"}]
"text":"Political","correct":false,"count":"7,528"},{"text":"Entertainment","correct":false,"count":"2,696"},{"text":"Sports","correct":true,"count":"1,156"}]
"text":"Grossy Bake Oven","correct":false,"count":"714"},{"text":"Queasy-Bake Cookerator","correct":true,"count":"1,137"},{"text":"Creepy Crock Pot","correct":false,"count":"574"}]
"text":"Thursday","correct":false,"count":"207"},{"text":"Sunday","correct":false,"count":"447"},{"text":"Tuesday","correct":true,"count":"543"}]
"text":"French Kiss","correct":false,"count":"82"},{"text":"You’ve Got Mail","correct":true,"count":"313"},{"text":"When Harry Met Sally","correct":false,"count":"228"}]
"text":"Hippocratic oath","correct":true,"count":"511,357"},{"text":"Bro code","correct":false,"count":"11,170"},{"text":"Vanderpump Rules","correct":false,"count":"11,965"}]
"text":"Escalade","correct":false,"count":"2,745"},{"text":"Escargot","correct":false,"count":"2,022"},{"text":"Escape","correct":true,"count":"503,386"}]
"text":"Vampire squid","correct":false,"count":"1,009"},{"text":"Wolf spider","correct":false,"count":"1,259"},{"text":"Ghost","correct":true,"count":"498,921"}]
"text":"Lorax","correct":false,"count":"20,798"},{"text":"Borax","correct":true,"count":"456,055"},{"text":"Thorax","correct":false,"count":"18,339"}]
"text":"Casserole","correct":false,"count":"77,739"},{"text":"Pie","correct":false,"count":"77,321"},{"text":"Sausage","correct":true,"count":"298,997"}]
"text":"Square","correct":false,"count":"15,034"},{"text":"Rhombus","correct":false,"count":"86,432"},{"text":"Trapezoid","correct":true,"count":"206,296"}]
"text":"India","correct":false,"count":"54,380"},{"text":"China","correct":false,"count":"111,175"},{"text":"Australia","correct":true,"count":"48,608"}]
"text":"Fullback","correct":false,"count":"8,992"},{"text":"Lineman","correct":true,"count":"43,417"},{"text":"Guard","correct":false,"count":"14,937"}]
"text":"Weekends in Spain","correct":false,"count":"12,987"},{"text":"French champagne","correct":true,"count":"24,163"},{"text":"Making it rain","correct":false,"count":"8,072"}]
"text":"Monica","correct":true,"count":"9,935"},{"text":"Rachel","correct":false,"count":"11,627"},{"text":"Joey","correct":false,"count":"5,116"}]
"text":"Palo Alto","correct":true,"count":"4,626"},{"text":"Redlands","correct":false,"count":"4,296"},{"text":"Whittier","correct":false,"count":"3,975"}]
"text":"Harrison Ford","correct":false,"count":"1,586"},{"text":"Tommy Lee Jones","correct":true,"count":"3,275"},{"text":"David Janssen","correct":false,"count":"802"}]
"text":"Saint Helena","correct":true,"count":"1,292"},{"text":"Waterloo","correct":false,"count":"758"},{"text":"Elba","correct":false,"count":"1,477"}]
"text":"Gateway Arch","correct":false,"count":"463"},{"text":"Golden Gate Bridge","correct":false,"count":"52"},{"text":"Space Needle","correct":true,"count":"1,028"}]
"text":"Raiders gotta raid","correct":false,"count":"24,992"},{"text":"Just win, baby","correct":true,"count":"83,050"},{"text":"Leeroy Jenkins!","correct":false,"count":"6,605"}]
"text":"Formula 1","correct":false,"count":"12,496"},{"text":"NASCAR Cup Series","correct":false,"count":"32,147"},{"text":"IndyCar","correct":true,"count":"39,072"}]
"text":"Go to wrong locker room","correct":false,"count":"4,876"},{"text":"Throw a birthday party","correct":false,"count":"1,054"},{"text":"Decide to retire","correct":true,"count":"38,878"}]
"text":"Minneapolis","correct":true,"count":"17,531"},{"text":"Washington DC","correct":false,"count":"16,509"},{"text":"Seattle","correct":false,"count":"5,080"}]
"text":"Putouts","correct":false,"count":"8,435"},{"text":"Plate appearances","correct":false,"count":"3,445"},{"text":"Stolen bases","correct":true,"count":"8,828"}]
"text":"North Carolina","correct":false,"count":"4,530"},{"text":"Oklahoma","correct":true,"count":"1,484"},{"text":"California","correct":false,"count":"5,000"}]
"text":"Christian Hackenberg","correct":true,"count":"1,375"},{"text":"Jacoby Brissett","correct":false,"count":"1,103"},{"text":"DeShone Kizer","correct":false,"count":"676"}]
"text":"Chelsea","correct":false,"count":"514"},{"text":"Manchester United","correct":false,"count":"387"},{"text":"Tottenham Hotspur","correct":true,"count":"628"}]
"text":"Yankees","correct":false,"count":"168"},{"text":"Tigers","correct":true,"count":"281"},{"text":"Phillies","correct":false,"count":"289"}]
"text":"NBA Twitter handle","correct":true,"count":"93"},{"text":"NBA website","correct":false,"count":"79"},{"text":"Holographic sticker","correct":false,"count":"177"}]
"text":"Calder","correct":true,"count":"76"},{"text":"Vezina","correct":false,"count":"23"},{"text":"Hart","correct":false,"count":"20"}]
"text":"Young Sheldon","correct":false,"count":"6,196"},{"text":"Homer","correct":true,"count":"830,494"},{"text":"Chanandler Bong","correct":false,"count":"5,515"}]
"text":"Dog","correct":true,"count":"811,310"},{"text":"Woolly mammoth","correct":false,"count":"10,648"},{"text":"Komodo dragon","correct":false,"count":"6,128"}]
"text":"Jennifer Garner","correct":false,"count":"11,211"},{"text":"Jennifer Jason Leigh","correct":false,"count":"4,525"},{"text":"Jennifer Aniston","correct":true,"count":"794,362"}]
"text":"The Sopranos","correct":true,"count":"430,844"},{"text":"Seinfeld","correct":false,"count":"236,993"},{"text":"Rugrats","correct":false,"count":"114,969"}]
"text":"Arrested Development","correct":true,"count":"432,938"},{"text":"Will & Grace","correct":false,"count":"75,813"},{"text":"Everybody Loves Raymond","correct":false,"count":"77,160"}]
"text":"The Wire","correct":true,"count":"219,966"},{"text":"Mad Men","correct":false,"count":"209,949"},{"text":"Frasier","correct":false,"count":"46,044"}]
"text":"Black Mirror","correct":true,"count":"169,314"},{"text":"Doctor Who","correct":false,"count":"89,918"},{"text":"Stranger Things","correct":false,"count":"38,248"}]
"text":"Famed physicist","correct":true,"count":"160,602"},{"text":"Wife’s favorite color","correct":false,"count":"19,825"},{"text":"Albuquerque park","correct":false,"count":"22,000"}]
"text":"Silicon Valley","correct":false,"count":"40,521"},{"text":"Ballers","correct":false,"count":"38,942"},{"text":"Billions","correct":true,"count":"90,969"}]
"text":"House of Cards","correct":false,"count":"80,244"},{"text":"The Handmaid’s Tale","correct":true,"count":"15,911"},{"text":"Transparent","correct":false,"count":"15,370"}]
"text":"Jerry","correct":false,"count":"584"},{"text":"Elaine","correct":true,"count":"30,038"},{"text":"George","correct":false,"count":"11,846"}]
"text":"Part of TV camera","correct":true,"count":"11,702"},{"text":"Co-founder of NBC","correct":false,"count":"13,015"},{"text":"First winner","correct":false,"count":"6,331"}]
"text":"Stranger Things","correct":false,"count":"1,875"},{"text":"The Mindy Project","correct":false,"count":"4,561"},{"text":"Insecure","correct":true,"count":"6,953"}]
"text":"Diane","correct":false,"count":"1,960"},{"text":"Cliff","correct":false,"count":"1,523"},{"text":"Norm","correct":true,"count":"4,492"}]
"text":"Montauk","correct":true,"count":"2,408"},{"text":"Barb’s Friends","correct":false,"count":"269"},{"text":"Eleven","correct":false,"count":"2,152"}]
"text":"Viola Davis","correct":false,"count":"868"},{"text":"Kerry Washington","correct":false,"count":"736"},{"text":"Debbie Allen","correct":true,"count":"785"}]
"text":"Emmy","correct":false,"count":"71"},{"text":"Grammy","correct":false,"count":"92"},{"text":"Neither","correct":true,"count":"616"}]
"text":"Christopher Lloyd","correct":false,"count":"61"},{"text":"Leonard Nimoy","correct":false,"count":"209"},{"text":"Bob Newhart","correct":true,"count":"340"}]
"text":"Scully","correct":true,"count":"153"},{"text":"Mulder","correct":false,"count":"46"},{"text":"Neither","correct":false,"count":"139"}]
"text":"Murder, She Wrote","correct":true,"count":"73"},{"text":"Murphy Brown","correct":false,"count":"39"},{"text":"The Golden Girls","correct":false,"count":"38"}]
"text":"Director of the Year","correct":false,"count":"33"},{"text":"Actress of the Year","correct":false,"count":"15"},{"text":"Series of the Year","correct":true,"count":"22"}]
"text":"The Good Wife","correct":false,"count":"8"},{"text":"The Practice","correct":true,"count":"12"},{"text":"Law & Order","correct":false,"count":"1"}]
"text":"Lauren Graham","correct":false,"count":"4"},{"text":"Mila Kunis","correct":false,"count":"0"},{"text":"Patricia Richardson","correct":true,"count":"8"}]
"text":"Beam me up, Scotty","correct":false,"count":"0"},{"text":"Beam us up, Scotty","correct":false,"count":"0"},{"text":"Scotty, beam us up","correct":true,"count":"7"}]
"text":"The Golden Girls","correct":true,"count":"4"},{"text":"Cheers","correct":false,"count":"2"},{"text":"Sex and the City","correct":false,"count":"1"}]
"text":"John Larroquette","correct":true,"count":"2"},{"text":"Matt LeBlanc","correct":false,"count":"2"},{"text":"Larry David","correct":false,"count":"0"}]
"text":"Raisin","correct":false,"count":"3,536"},{"text":"Durian","correct":false,"count":"2,262"},{"text":"Apple","correct":true,"count":"222,760"}]
"text":"Tandem","correct":false,"count":"2,346"},{"text":"Diadem","correct":false,"count":"1,222"},{"text":"Modem","correct":true,"count":"217,090"}]
"text":"Corkscrew","correct":false,"count":"35,197"},{"text":"Koosh ball","correct":false,"count":"13,748"},{"text":"Smart refrigerator","correct":true,"count":"160,739"}]
"text":"Video","correct":false,"count":"11,250"},{"text":"Virtual","correct":false,"count":"47,709"},{"text":"Voice","correct":true,"count":"102,192"}]
"text":"Algorithm","correct":false,"count":"37,745"},{"text":"Memory unit","correct":false,"count":"33,397"},{"text":"Number","correct":true,"count":"31,837"}]
"text":"Internet login name","correct":false,"count":"291"},{"text":"MAC address","correct":true,"count":"19,645"},{"text":"IP address","correct":false,"count":"17,194"}]
"text":"Subscriber","correct":true,"count":"14,207"},{"text":"Satellite","correct":false,"count":"3,521"},{"text":"System","correct":false,"count":"3,345"}]
"text":"Cookie Crisp","correct":false,"count":"1,073"},{"text":"Cap’n Crunch","correct":true,"count":"10,010"},{"text":"Apple Jacks","correct":false,"count":"3,665"}]
"text":"Squirrel","correct":false,"count":"644"},{"text":"Gopher","correct":true,"count":"8,972"},{"text":"Mole","correct":false,"count":"1,121"}]
"text":"Slash","correct":true,"count":"5,184"},{"text":"Comma","correct":false,"count":"2,502"},{"text":"Period","correct":false,"count":"1,416"}]
"text":"Sega","correct":false,"count":"1,928"},{"text":"Nintendo","correct":false,"count":"1,169"},{"text":"Samsung","correct":true,"count":"2,917"}]
"text":"Destroying phones","correct":true,"count":"1,875"},{"text":"Intoxicating users","correct":false,"count":"388"},{"text":"Cult recruitment","correct":false,"count":"1,251"}]
"text":"Deep space","correct":false,"count":"2,511"},{"text":"The other side","correct":true,"count":"341,068"},{"text":"Canada","correct":false,"count":"3,723"}]
"text":"Angry honking power","correct":false,"count":"4,579"},{"text":"Wheel turning power","correct":true,"count":"328,300"},{"text":"Emotional soothing power","correct":false,"count":"4,098"}]
"text":"Greece","correct":true,"count":"316,529"},{"text":"Spain","correct":false,"count":"6,036"},{"text":"Scotland","correct":false,"count":"3,298"}]
"text":"Practical","correct":false,"count":"95,942"},{"text":"Present","correct":false,"count":"3,462"},{"text":"Preliminary","correct":true,"count":"214,890"}]
"text":"December","correct":true,"count":"71,497"},{"text":"February","correct":false,"count":"95,433"},{"text":"May","correct":false,"count":"52,055"}]
"text":"Frasier","correct":false,"count":"8,579"},{"text":"Martin","correct":true,"count":"57,642"},{"text":"Joey","correct":false,"count":"16,134"}]
"text":"Silence of the Lambs","correct":false,"count":"24,400"},{"text":"Red Dragon","correct":true,"count":"23,849"},{"text":"Hannibal","correct":false,"count":"11,080"}]
"text":"Calcutta","correct":true,"count":"11,431"},{"text":"St. Moritz","correct":false,"count":"8,214"},{"text":"Dublin","correct":false,"count":"7,898"}]
"text":"Billie Jean","correct":false,"count":"2,955"},{"text":"Bad","correct":true,"count":"4,938"},{"text":"Thriller","correct":false,"count":"5,556"}]
"text":"Teen Vogue","correct":false,"count":"1,769"},{"text":"Cosmopolitan","correct":true,"count":"2,200"},{"text":"Elle","correct":false,"count":"2,284"}]
"text":"Instant coffee","correct":false,"count":"1,697"},{"text":"Martini","correct":true,"count":"533"},{"text":"Milk","correct":false,"count":"685"}]
"text":"Left guard","correct":true,"count":"106,710"},{"text":"Wicket-keeper","correct":false,"count":"1,372"},{"text":"Backward square leg","correct":false,"count":"1,260"}]
"text":"Darts","correct":false,"count":"3,479"},{"text":"Snowshoeing","correct":false,"count":"2,397"},{"text":"Snowboarding","correct":true,"count":"98,926"}]
"text":"Long jump","correct":false,"count":"2,442"},{"text":"Triple jump","correct":false,"count":"12,936"},{"text":"High jump","correct":true,"count":"81,111"}]
"text":"Peyton Manning","correct":false,"count":"24,841"},{"text":"Pat Mahomes","correct":true,"count":"38,677"},{"text":"Drew Brees","correct":false,"count":"13,032"}]
"text":"More replay challenges","correct":false,"count":"3,033"},{"text":"Pitch clock","correct":false,"count":"2,899"},{"text":"Size of active rosters","correct":true,"count":"34,133"}]
"text":"Fierce Four","correct":false,"count":"1,850"},{"text":"Frozen Four","correct":true,"count":"30,702"},{"text":"Final Face-Off","correct":false,"count":"1,607"}]
"text":"Cubs","correct":false,"count":"13,615"},{"text":"Dodgers","correct":false,"count":"715"},{"text":"Red Sox","correct":true,"count":"16,493"}]
"text":"Big Ten","correct":true,"count":"8,792"},{"text":"SEC","correct":false,"count":"7,206"},{"text":"ACC","correct":false,"count":"2,732"}]
"text":"DeAndre Jordan","correct":true,"count":"3,629"},{"text":"Dwight Howard","correct":false,"count":"1,845"},{"text":"Shaquille O’Neal","correct":false,"count":"5,027"}]
"text":"Rollie Fingers","correct":false,"count":"604"},{"text":"Dennis Eckersley","correct":true,"count":"1,857"},{"text":"John Smoltz","correct":false,"count":"2,213"}]
"text":"Member of Euro PGA Tour","correct":true,"count":"885"},{"text":"Legal resident of Europe","correct":false,"count":"721"},{"text":"Born in Europe","correct":false,"count":"663"}]
"text":"Australian Open","correct":true,"count":"385"},{"text":"French Open","correct":false,"count":"357"},{"text":"US Open","correct":false,"count":"368"}]
"text":"The Stone Age","correct":true,"count":"346,258"},{"text":"Happy hour","correct":false,"count":"2,778"},{"text":"The roaring 1980s","correct":false,"count":"2,861"}]
"text":"Credit rating","correct":false,"count":"809"},{"text":"Roof","correct":false,"count":"1,380"},{"text":"Vitamin D levels","correct":true,"count":"337,121"}]
"text":"Touching the ground","correct":false,"count":"21,465"},{"text":"On a bike","correct":false,"count":"2,301"},{"text":"Lifted in the air","correct":true,"count":"306,511"}]
"text":"Mezzo-soprano","correct":false,"count":"53,838"},{"text":"Contralto","correct":true,"count":"164,041"},{"text":"Soprano","correct":false,"count":"80,935"}]
"text":"Strawberry win","correct":false,"count":"16,061"},{"text":"Strawberry fool","correct":true,"count":"54,456"},{"text":"Strawberry beach","correct":false,"count":"96,236"}]
"text":"Twins","correct":false,"count":"18,753"},{"text":"The Parent Trap","correct":false,"count":"8,851"},{"text":"It Takes Two","correct":true,"count":"32,777"}]
"text":"Google","correct":false,"count":"14,128"},{"text":"YouTube","correct":true,"count":"17,177"},{"text":"Facebook","correct":false,"count":"3,150"}]
"text":"Joan Didion","correct":false,"count":"3,263"},{"text":"David Foster Wallace","correct":false,"count":"8,268"},{"text":"Susan Sontag","correct":true,"count":"6,396"}]
"text":"Wide receiver","correct":true,"count":"6,299"},{"text":"Quarterback","correct":false,"count":"491"},{"text":"Lineman","correct":false,"count":"665"}]
"text":"Welsh","correct":false,"count":"1,350"},{"text":"Icelandic","correct":true,"count":"4,667"},{"text":"Italian","correct":false,"count":"387"}]
"text":"Bryan Adams","correct":true,"count":"849"},{"text":"Ryan Gosling","correct":false,"count":"1,979"},{"text":"Ryan Reynolds","correct":false,"count":"2,122"}]
"text":"Summer Friday","correct":true,"count":"199,977"},{"text":"Formal Funday","correct":false,"count":"18,013"},{"text":"Super Caturday","correct":false,"count":"2,439"}]
"text":"FootPlace","correct":false,"count":"412"},{"text":"ArmBand","correct":false,"count":"650"},{"text":"FaceTime","correct":true,"count":"197,724"}]
"text":"Hip-hop","correct":false,"count":"1,317"},{"text":"Pop-top","correct":true,"count":"193,216"},{"text":"Chop shop","correct":false,"count":"1,108"}]
"text":"MLB","correct":true,"count":"156,397"},{"text":"NBA","correct":false,"count":"17,472"},{"text":"NFL","correct":false,"count":"15,409"}]
"text":"Plantains","correct":true,"count":"130,699"},{"text":"Pineapple","correct":false,"count":"19,090"},{"text":"Salmon","correct":false,"count":"7,004"}]
"text":"Green","correct":true,"count":"73,170"},{"text":"Blue","correct":false,"count":"40,301"},{"text":"Red","correct":false,"count":"17,592"}]
"text":"William Frankenstein","correct":false,"count":"17,117"},{"text":"Robert Walton","correct":false,"count":"25,554"},{"text":"Igor","correct":true,"count":"32,790"}]
"text":"D2: The Mighty Ducks","correct":false,"count":"10,708"},{"text":"Meet the Fockers","correct":true,"count":"17,082"},{"text":"The Next Karate Kid","correct":false,"count":"8,239"}]
"text":"Serbia","correct":true,"count":"7,976"},{"text":"Slovenia","correct":false,"count":"5,611"},{"text":"Slovakia","correct":false,"count":"5,750"}]
"text":"Gran Torino","correct":false,"count":"5,353"},{"text":"Drive","correct":true,"count":"2,623"},{"text":"Days of Thunder","correct":false,"count":"1,854"}]
"text":"Tie","correct":false,"count":"722"},{"text":"Scarf","correct":false,"count":"867"},{"text":"Hat","correct":true,"count":"2,191"}]
"text":"Vodka","correct":true,"count":"1,115"},{"text":"Cognac","correct":false,"count":"604"},{"text":"Tequila","correct":false,"count":"642"}]
"text":"Phone charger","correct":false,"count":"1,322"},{"text":"Glass slipper","correct":true,"count":"764,082"},{"text":"Michael Jordan RC","correct":false,"count":"917"}]
"text":"Under the sea","correct":true,"count":"745,949"},{"text":"Notre-Dame Cathedral","correct":false,"count":"5,617"},{"text":"Agrabah","correct":false,"count":"5,165"}]
"text":"The Lion King","correct":true,"count":"739,549"},{"text":"Snow White","correct":false,"count":"1,316"},{"text":"101 Dalmatians","correct":false,"count":"2,068"}]
"text":"Driver","correct":false,"count":"75,053"},{"text":"Nursemaid","correct":true,"count":"634,155"},{"text":"Attorney","correct":false,"count":"16,453"}]
"text":"Ghosts","correct":false,"count":"13,057"},{"text":"Wooden dolls","correct":false,"count":"221,888"},{"text":"Donkeys","correct":true,"count":"406,461"}]
"text":"Bambi","correct":false,"count":"86,069"},{"text":"Sleeping Beauty","correct":false,"count":"96,758"},{"text":"Dumbo","correct":true,"count":"251,164"}]
"text":"Bambi’s mom","correct":true,"count":"88,492"},{"text":"Mary Poppins","correct":false,"count":"111,630"},{"text":"The Mad Hatter","correct":false,"count":"77,668"}]
"text":"Sultan","correct":false,"count":"29,122"},{"text":"Iago","correct":false,"count":"24,343"},{"text":"Genie","correct":true,"count":"64,020"}]
"text":"Feed the birds","correct":false,"count":"6,185"},{"text":"Sing sweet nightingale","correct":false,"count":"24,736"},{"text":"I was a young warthog","correct":true,"count":"38,843"}]
"text":"Maleficent","correct":false,"count":"4,791"},{"text":"Ursula","correct":true,"count":"32,981"},{"text":"Cruella de Vil","correct":false,"count":"4,881"}]
"text":"Fauna","correct":false,"count":"3,733"},{"text":"Flora","correct":false,"count":"5,857"},{"text":"Merryweather","correct":true,"count":"24,403"}]
"text":"Infinity pool","correct":true,"count":"330,584"},{"text":"Occasional pool","correct":false,"count":"7,236"},{"text":"10 minutes max pool","correct":false,"count":"2,715"}]
"text":"Nothing at all","correct":true,"count":"293,176"},{"text":"Athleisure wear","correct":false,"count":"20,934"},{"text":"Supreme beanie","correct":false,"count":"9,544"}]
"text":"Circle","correct":false,"count":"3,270"},{"text":"Triangle","correct":true,"count":"279,895"},{"text":"Sphere","correct":false,"count":"8,715"}]
"text":"Beginning","correct":false,"count":"49,407"},{"text":"Middle","correct":false,"count":"101,812"},{"text":"End","correct":true,"count":"126,075"}]
"text":"Brain","correct":false,"count":"283"},{"text":"Kidney","correct":false,"count":"84,999"},{"text":"Liver","correct":true,"count":"47,986"}]
"text":"Dior","correct":false,"count":"14,116"},{"text":"Gucci","correct":true,"count":"20,404"},{"text":"Louis Vuitton","correct":false,"count":"18,514"}]
"text":"Late 2000s","correct":false,"count":"6,850"},{"text":"Early 2000s","correct":false,"count":"8,777"},{"text":"Early 3000s","correct":true,"count":"5,075"}]
"text":"Madison Avenue","correct":false,"count":"1,204"},{"text":"Park Avenue","correct":false,"count":"3,116"},{"text":"5th Avenue","correct":true,"count":"2,391"}]
"text":"Boston Red Sox","correct":false,"count":"794"},{"text":"NY Mets","correct":false,"count":"532"},{"text":"LA Dodgers","correct":true,"count":"1,472"}]
"text":"England","correct":false,"count":"114"},{"text":"India","correct":false,"count":"304"},{"text":"Indonesia","correct":true,"count":"1,201"}]
"text":"Pianist","correct":false,"count":"282"},{"text":"Guitarist","correct":false,"count":"690"},{"text":"Drummer","correct":true,"count":"302"}]
"text":"Tuxedo tails","correct":false,"count":"17,760"},{"text":"Really big hats","correct":false,"count":"8,057"},{"text":"Workout clothes","correct":true,"count":"277,323"}]
"text":"Recrystallization","correct":false,"count":"724"},{"text":"Revolution","correct":true,"count":"273,041"},{"text":"Reforestation","correct":false,"count":"659"}]
"text":"Austria","correct":true,"count":"183,264"},{"text":"Egypt","correct":false,"count":"47,304"},{"text":"Australia","correct":false,"count":"37,353"}]
"text":"Horchata","correct":false,"count":"19,908"},{"text":"Pozole","correct":false,"count":"18,155"},{"text":"Chilaquiles","correct":true,"count":"144,680"}]
"text":"Phosphorus","correct":true,"count":"103,283"},{"text":"Helium","correct":false,"count":"10,508"},{"text":"Neon","correct":false,"count":"31,139"}]
"text":"Encyclopedia Brown","correct":true,"count":"43,272"},{"text":"Harriet the Spy","correct":false,"count":"37,940"},{"text":"Nancy Drew","correct":false,"count":"22,310"}]
"text":"Jacqueline Kennedy","correct":false,"count":"3,084"},{"text":"Eleanor Roosevelt","correct":false,"count":"23,405"},{"text":"Elizabeth Hamilton","correct":true,"count":"20,168"}]
"text":"Japan","correct":true,"count":"17,018"},{"text":"Canada","correct":false,"count":"826"},{"text":"Australia","correct":false,"count":"3,985"}]
"text":"Stella McCartney","correct":false,"count":"2,367"},{"text":"Betsey Johnson","correct":false,"count":"2,219"},{"text":"Alexander McQueen","correct":true,"count":"12,937"}]
"text":"Afghanistan","correct":false,"count":"1,560"},{"text":"Kyrgyzstan","correct":true,"count":"10,341"},{"text":"Pakistan","correct":false,"count":"1,489"}]
"text":"John Madden","correct":false,"count":"5,688"},{"text":"Deion Sanders","correct":false,"count":"2,527"},{"text":"Serena Williams","correct":true,"count":"2,522"}]
"text":"“X-Files” DVD box set","correct":false,"count":"5,607"},{"text":"Apple","correct":true,"count":"628,508"},{"text":"Yankees hat","correct":false,"count":"8,310"}]
"text":"Mario / Luigi","correct":true,"count":"622,633"},{"text":"Hanzo / Genji","correct":false,"count":"935"},{"text":"Hotfixer / Stonefoot","correct":false,"count":"497"}]
"text":"Barracuda","correct":true,"count":"486,828"},{"text":"Miniature horse","correct":false,"count":"4,970"},{"text":"Blue whale","correct":false,"count":"122,367"}]
"text":"Ciao","correct":true,"count":"445,288"},{"text":"Sayonara","correct":false,"count":"30,719"},{"text":"Adios","correct":false,"count":"17,230"}]
"text":"Yogurt parfait","correct":false,"count":"159,885"},{"text":"Baked beans","correct":true,"count":"274,478"},{"text":"Açai bowl","correct":false,"count":"10,926"}]
"text":"Heights","correct":false,"count":"98,656"},{"text":"Poppies","correct":false,"count":"16,515"},{"text":"Successful people","correct":true,"count":"168,215"}]
"text":"Blur","correct":true,"count":"88,031"},{"text":"Oasis","correct":false,"count":"73,985"},{"text":"Rolling Stones","correct":false,"count":"13,663"}]
"text":"Chaparral","correct":false,"count":"20,842"},{"text":"Weald","correct":false,"count":"22,424"},{"text":"Shoal","correct":true,"count":"53,425"}]
"text":"Lost","correct":true,"count":"34,717"},{"text":"Boardwalk Empire","correct":false,"count":"13,764"},{"text":"The Walking Dead","correct":false,"count":"10,983"}]
"text":"Mutiny","correct":false,"count":"10,538"},{"text":"Strike","correct":false,"count":"4,189"},{"text":"Boycott","correct":true,"count":"23,399"}]
"text":"Amazon","correct":true,"count":"13,006"},{"text":"Google","correct":false,"count":"9,452"},{"text":"Facebook","correct":false,"count":"3,190"}]
"text":"Loose Fresh Originals","correct":false,"count":"4,071"},{"text":"Lyte Funkie Ones","correct":true,"count":"6,942"},{"text":"Low Frequency Oscillator","correct":false,"count":"3,911"}]
"text":"George Bernard Shaw","correct":false,"count":"2,351"},{"text":"William Shakespeare","correct":false,"count":"1,743"},{"text":"Christopher Marlowe","correct":true,"count":"4,016"}]
"text":"Baldy","correct":false,"count":"1,232"},{"text":"Flabby","correct":false,"count":"1,327"},{"text":"Loosy","correct":true,"count":"1,868"}]
"text":"Crew","correct":true,"count":"113,662"},{"text":"Girl squad","correct":false,"count":"1,268"},{"text":"My dudes","correct":false,"count":"704"}]
"text":"Goalkeeper","correct":false,"count":"6,306"},{"text":"Center back","correct":true,"count":"98,092"},{"text":"Left wing","correct":false,"count":"7,334"}]
"text":"22 yards","correct":false,"count":"6,688"},{"text":"47 yards","correct":true,"count":"69,270"},{"text":"33 yards","correct":false,"count":"17,245"}]
"text":"Julia Mancuso","correct":false,"count":"10,418"},{"text":"Lindsey Vonn","correct":false,"count":"29,219"},{"text":"Mikaela Shiffrin","correct":true,"count":"29,290"}]
"text":"Baker Mayfield","correct":true,"count":"22,274"},{"text":"Sam Darnold","correct":false,"count":"4,165"},{"text":"Patrick Mahomes","correct":false,"count":"4,623"}]
"text":"Sandy Koufax","correct":false,"count":"3,175"},{"text":"Randy Johnson","correct":false,"count":"2,610"},{"text":"Nolan Ryan","correct":true,"count":"16,882"}]
"text":"Mike Tyson","correct":true,"count":"12,062"},{"text":"Riddick Bowe","correct":false,"count":"2,315"},{"text":"Lennox Lewis","correct":false,"count":"2,734"}]
"text":"Defensive replacement","correct":true,"count":"3,846"},{"text":"Pinch runner","correct":false,"count":"3,413"},{"text":"Pinch hitter","correct":false,"count":"4,938"}]
"text":"NHL","correct":true,"count":"2,246"},{"text":"NFL","correct":false,"count":"1,720"},{"text":"NBA","correct":false,"count":"1,125"}]
"text":"USSR","correct":true,"count":"724"},{"text":"USA","correct":false,"count":"674"},{"text":"West Germany","correct":false,"count":"1,224"}]
"text":"Wally Pipp","correct":false,"count":"238"},{"text":"Everett Scott","correct":true,"count":"384"},{"text":"Honus Wagner","correct":false,"count":"501"}]
"text":"Tony Gonzalez","correct":true,"count":"130"},{"text":"Allen Iverson","correct":false,"count":"164"},{"text":"Randy Moss","correct":false,"count":"173"}]
"text":"Chicken sandwich","correct":false,"count":"19,027"},{"text":"Space cats","correct":false,"count":"76,907"},{"text":"Founding father","correct":true,"count":"411,874"}]
"text":"Jesus Christ, Superstar","correct":false,"count":"928"},{"text":"The Phantom of the Opera","correct":true,"count":"405,528"},{"text":"Eliza Doolittle","correct":false,"count":"1,191"}]
"text":"Avenue Q","correct":false,"count":"3,996"},{"text":"Wicked","correct":true,"count":"387,321"},{"text":"The Sound of Music","correct":false,"count":"10,049"}]
"text":"Hello, Dolly!","correct":false,"count":"57,731"},{"text":"Kiss Me, Kate","correct":false,"count":"22,197"},{"text":"Mamma Mia!","correct":true,"count":"304,861"}]
"text":"Hi-Hats","correct":false,"count":"27,428"},{"text":"Sharks","correct":true,"count":"258,106"},{"text":"Punks","correct":false,"count":"21,954"}]
"text":"Rent","correct":true,"count":"168,915"},{"text":"Beauty and the Beast","correct":false,"count":"51,396"},{"text":"Pippin","correct":false,"count":"37,721"}]
"text":"Andrew Lloyd Webber","correct":false,"count":"68,317"},{"text":"Stephen Sondheim","correct":false,"count":"41,529"},{"text":"Claude-Michel Schönberg","correct":true,"count":"61,968"}]
"text":"Hairspray","correct":true,"count":"46,699"},{"text":"Jersey Boys","correct":false,"count":"12,055"},{"text":"Evita","correct":false,"count":"13,372"}]
"text":"Michelle Williams","correct":false,"count":"10,678"},{"text":"Scarlett Johansson","correct":true,"count":"24,072"},{"text":"Emma Stone","correct":false,"count":"13,381"}]
"text":"Kinky Boots","correct":false,"count":"3,959"},{"text":"In the Heights","correct":false,"count":"3,678"},{"text":"Spring Awakening","correct":true,"count":"20,361"}]
"text":"And I Am Telling You","correct":false,"count":"5,403"},{"text":"Razzle Dazzle","correct":false,"count":"4,410"},{"text":"Tomorrow","correct":true,"count":"11,194"}]
"text":"Dumpster behind pizzeria","correct":false,"count":"1,747"},{"text":"Recycle bin","correct":true,"count":"243,586"},{"text":"Hudson River trash barge","correct":false,"count":"1,124"}]
"text":"Mario Tennis Aces","correct":false,"count":"5,495"},{"text":"Fortnite","correct":false,"count":"15,206"},{"text":"Minecraft","correct":true,"count":"210,922"}]
"text":"Arithmetic Control","correct":false,"count":"10,101"},{"text":"Additional Calculation","correct":false,"count":"19,689"},{"text":"All Clear","correct":true,"count":"178,503"}]
"text":"Fraternal combustion","correct":false,"count":"1,347"},{"text":"Internal combustion","correct":true,"count":"156,261"},{"text":"External combustion","correct":false,"count":"19,241"}]
"text":"ARPANET","correct":true,"count":"63,554"},{"text":"ALTINET","correct":false,"count":"43,904"},{"text":"ACTNET","correct":false,"count":"46,278"}]
"text":"George Lucas","correct":false,"count":"23,279"},{"text":"Martin Scorsese","correct":false,"count":"12,100"},{"text":"Ridley Scott","correct":true,"count":"29,624"}]
"text":"Radio waves","correct":false,"count":"17,046"},{"text":"Water","correct":false,"count":"7,546"},{"text":"Light","correct":true,"count":"6,510"}]
"text":"Bicycle courier","correct":false,"count":"1,105"},{"text":"Pigeon","correct":true,"count":"5,807"},{"text":"Telegraph","correct":false,"count":"1,789"}]
"text":"Xerox","correct":false,"count":"656"},{"text":"AT&T","correct":false,"count":"1,836"},{"text":"Atari","correct":true,"count":"3,505"}]
"text":"Samsung Galaxy Note 9","correct":false,"count":"146"},{"text":"Amazon Echo","correct":false,"count":"186"},{"text":"Tesla Model X","correct":true,"count":"3,354"}]
"text":"The Osbournes","correct":false,"count":"686"},{"text":"Buffy the Vampire Slayer","correct":true,"count":"2,155"},{"text":"The X-Files","correct":false,"count":"536"}]
"text":"Final Fantasy","correct":false,"count":"616"},{"text":"Pokémon","correct":true,"count":"1,171"},{"text":"Donkey Kong","correct":false,"count":"499"}]
"text":"Bread","correct":true,"count":"479,693"},{"text":"Fuzzy sweaters","correct":false,"count":"1,603"},{"text":"Stress dreams","correct":false,"count":"657"}]
"text":"Tiny hat","correct":false,"count":"2,744"},{"text":"Fanny pack","correct":false,"count":"83,543"},{"text":"Corset","correct":true,"count":"388,102"}]
"text":"Third baseman","correct":false,"count":"4,424"},{"text":"Catcher","correct":true,"count":"372,350"},{"text":"Short stop","correct":false,"count":"11,787"}]
"text":"Prime Minister","correct":false,"count":"124,468"},{"text":"President","correct":false,"count":"50,405"},{"text":"Chairman","correct":true,"count":"193,647"}]
"text":"Aristocracy","correct":false,"count":"120,895"},{"text":"Commoners","correct":true,"count":"66,176"},{"text":"Government","correct":false,"count":"12,301"}]
"text":"Penne all'Arrabbiata","correct":true,"count":"36,430"},{"text":"Spaghetti Carbonara","correct":false,"count":"26,943"},{"text":"Cacio e pepe","correct":false,"count":"7,267"}]
"text":"John Wick","correct":false,"count":"8,488"},{"text":"The Transporter","correct":true,"count":"21,986"},{"text":"Taken","correct":false,"count":"7,384"}]
"text":"Snowshoes","correct":true,"count":"4,070"},{"text":"Boat-building","correct":false,"count":"10,737"},{"text":"Summer","correct":false,"count":"8,329"}]
"text":"Anthony Burgess","correct":true,"count":"1,523"},{"text":"Bret Easton Ellis","correct":false,"count":"1,241"},{"text":"Vladimir Nabokov","correct":false,"count":"2,864"}]
"text":"Mongolia","correct":true,"count":"1,831"},{"text":"Thailand","correct":false,"count":"247"},{"text":"South Korea","correct":false,"count":"208"}]
"text":"Kingdom Hearts","correct":false,"count":"206"},{"text":"Assassin’s Creed","correct":false,"count":"200"},{"text":"Final Fantasy","correct":true,"count":"1,412"}]
"text":"Flippy floppy","correct":false,"count":"793"}]
"text":"Hurdle","correct":true,"count":"100,850"},{"text":"Hamper","correct":false,"count":"987"},{"text":"Hindrance","correct":false,"count":"350"}]
"text":"Hockey","correct":false,"count":"3,329"},{"text":"Soccer","correct":false,"count":"1,689"},{"text":"Rugby","correct":true,"count":"94,321"}]
"text":"Ryder Cup","correct":true,"count":"79,137"},{"text":"America’s Cup","correct":false,"count":"6,389"},{"text":"Presidents Cup","correct":false,"count":"7,129"}]
"text":"Football","correct":true,"count":"40,213"},{"text":"Hockey","correct":false,"count":"30,207"},{"text":"Basketball","correct":false,"count":"5,645"}]
"text":"Triples","correct":true,"count":"17,225"},{"text":"Stolen bases","correct":false,"count":"5,359"},{"text":"Runs","correct":false,"count":"19,350"}]
"text":"Cricket","correct":true,"count":"14,204"},{"text":"Badminton","correct":false,"count":"885"},{"text":"Curling","correct":false,"count":"3,668"}]
"text":"Houston","correct":false,"count":"1,842"},{"text":"Boston","correct":true,"count":"9,071"},{"text":"New York","correct":false,"count":"3,554"}]
"text":"Knicks","correct":false,"count":"1,024"},{"text":"Pistons","correct":true,"count":"6,731"},{"text":"Celtics","correct":false,"count":"1,990"}]
"text":"Canada","correct":false,"count":"2,329"},{"text":"Russia","correct":false,"count":"992"},{"text":"Finland","correct":true,"count":"3,770"}]
"text":"Brazilian jiu-jitsu","correct":false,"count":"474"},{"text":"Sumo","correct":false,"count":"2,562"},{"text":"Krav maga","correct":true,"count":"1,298"}]
"text":"NBA 30-point game streak","correct":true,"count":"200"},{"text":"NHL points streak","correct":false,"count":"704"},{"text":"MLB hitting streak","correct":false,"count":"969"}]
"text":"Elementary","correct":false,"count":"31,269"},{"text":"Driving","correct":false,"count":"27,851"},{"text":"Night","correct":true,"count":"617,881"}]
"text":"Uglier condor","correct":false,"count":"1,633"},{"text":"Beautiful swan","correct":true,"count":"617,277"},{"text":"Presentable finch","correct":false,"count":"1,278"}]
"text":"Puffy cube","correct":false,"count":"6,477"},{"text":"Moebius strip","correct":false,"count":"15,262"},{"text":"Arrow","correct":true,"count":"583,834"}]
"text":"School graduation","correct":true,"count":"568,084"},{"text":"Sunday dinner","correct":false,"count":"4,616"},{"text":"Wedding vow renewal","correct":false,"count":"9,362"}]
"text":"Archaeology","correct":false,"count":"1,210"},{"text":"Trigonometry","correct":true,"count":"565,554"},{"text":"Anthropology","correct":false,"count":"850"}]
"text":"Eddie Murphy","correct":false,"count":"142,945"},{"text":"George Carlin","correct":false,"count":"29,974"},{"text":"Rodney Dangerfield","correct":true,"count":"389,087"}]
"text":"Seize the day","correct":true,"count":"393,178"},{"text":"Buyer beware","correct":false,"count":"9,784"},{"text":"I think, therefore I am","correct":false,"count":"6,641"}]
"text":"Prompt","correct":false,"count":"4,292"},{"text":"Promise","correct":false,"count":"22,397"},{"text":"Promenade","correct":true,"count":"366,448"}]
"text":"Yale","correct":true,"count":"127,006"},{"text":"Brown","correct":false,"count":"184,809"},{"text":"Harvard","correct":false,"count":"53,432"}]
"text":"China / Hong Kong","correct":false,"count":"9,105"},{"text":"North / South America","correct":true,"count":"127,107"},{"text":"India / Sri Lanka","correct":false,"count":"25,868"}]
"text":"Dribmoid","correct":false,"count":"31,170"},{"text":"Frustum","correct":true,"count":"47,461"},{"text":"Riscule","correct":false,"count":"53,043"}]
"text":"Giraffe","correct":false,"count":"27,486"},{"text":"Three-toed sloth","correct":true,"count":"14,882"},{"text":"Mouse","correct":false,"count":"16,379"}]
"text":"Arkansas","correct":false,"count":"3,852"},{"text":"Iowa","correct":true,"count":"6,544"},{"text":"Missouri","correct":false,"count":"9,901"}]
"text":"Equality","correct":false,"count":"1,413"},{"text":"Liberty","correct":false,"count":"861"},{"text":"Justice","correct":true,"count":"5,343"}]
"text":"North America","correct":true,"count":"2,208"},{"text":"Africa","correct":false,"count":"1,684"},{"text":"Asia","correct":false,"count":"1,331"}]
"text":"Lisp","correct":false,"count":"288"},{"text":"Mocha","correct":true,"count":"1,364"},{"text":"Swift","correct":false,"count":"494"}]
"text":"Stapes","correct":true,"count":"908"},{"text":"Sesamoid","correct":false,"count":"279"},{"text":"Pisiform","correct":false,"count":"137"}]
"text":"Alexander Hamilton","correct":false,"count":"60"},{"text":"Thomas Jefferson","correct":true,"count":"767"},{"text":"James Madison","correct":false,"count":"51"}]
"text":"God Bless America","correct":false,"count":"44"},{"text":"My Country, ’Tis of Thee","correct":true,"count":"468"},{"text":"America the Beautiful","correct":false,"count":"229"}]
"text":"Montreal","correct":false,"count":"128"},{"text":"Paris","correct":false,"count":"204"},{"text":"Minneapolis","correct":true,"count":"109"}]
"text":"Fyodor Dostoyevsky","correct":true,"count":"43"},{"text":"John Milton","correct":false,"count":"36"},{"text":"Geoffrey Chaucer","correct":false,"count":"25"}]
"text":"909","correct":false,"count":"2"},{"text":"9009","correct":true,"count":"30"},{"text":"90909","correct":false,"count":"8"}]
"text":"Hock","correct":false,"count":"4"},{"text":"Naked","correct":true,"count":"21"},{"text":"Diner","correct":false,"count":"3"}]
"text":"That ’70s Show","correct":false,"count":"1"},{"text":"3rd Rock from the Sun","correct":true,"count":"15"},{"text":"Boy Meets World","correct":false,"count":"2"}]
"text":"Hypotenuse / opposite","correct":false,"count":"2"},{"text":"Adjacent / hypotenuse","correct":false,"count":"4"},{"text":"Opposite / adjacent","correct":true,"count":"5"}]
"text":"Coffee","correct":true,"count":"4"},{"text":"Bangle","correct":false,"count":"0"},{"text":"Shampoo","correct":false,"count":"0"}]
"text":"Sirius","correct":false,"count":"1"},{"text":"Betelgeuse","correct":true,"count":"2"},{"text":"Vega","correct":false,"count":"1"}]
"text":"Dinosaurneck","correct":false,"count":"1,752"},{"text":"Ostrichneck","correct":false,"count":"2,167"},{"text":"Turtleneck","correct":true,"count":"229,752"}]
"text":"Carbon dioxide","correct":true,"count":"218,529"},{"text":"Water","correct":false,"count":"8,345"},{"text":"Maple syrup","correct":false,"count":"194"}]
"text":"New Jersey","correct":false,"count":"3,971"},{"text":"Nevada","correct":true,"count":"207,812"},{"text":"Hawaii","correct":false,"count":"3,539"}]
"text":"French","correct":false,"count":"1,874"},{"text":"Latin","correct":false,"count":"92,846"},{"text":"Sanskrit","correct":true,"count":"110,972"}]
"text":"Comedy","correct":true,"count":"42,022"},{"text":"True Crime","correct":false,"count":"37,919"},{"text":"Politics","correct":false,"count":"33,585"}]
"text":"Dance","correct":true,"count":"33,747"},{"text":"Sing","correct":false,"count":"4,584"},{"text":"Throw pollen","correct":false,"count":"6,567"}]
"text":"Steve Jobs","correct":true,"count":"15,704"},{"text":"Henry Ford","correct":false,"count":"7,506"},{"text":"Thomas Edison","correct":false,"count":"9,736"}]
"text":"FYI","correct":false,"count":"1,882"},{"text":"The History Channel","correct":false,"count":"8,596"},{"text":"CNN","correct":true,"count":"6,279"}]
"text":"Vanity Fair","correct":false,"count":"2,150"},{"text":"Time","correct":false,"count":"1,489"},{"text":"Rolling Stone","correct":true,"count":"3,793"}]
"text":"The Breakfast Club","correct":false,"count":"1,817"},{"text":"Sixteen Candles","correct":false,"count":"817"},{"text":"Pretty in Pink","correct":true,"count":"1,666"}]
"text":"The Da Vinci Code","correct":false,"count":"889"},{"text":"The Alchemist","correct":true,"count":"749"},{"text":"The Joy Luck Club","correct":false,"count":"467"}]
"text":"Straight to series","correct":false,"count":"191"},{"text":"Elevator pitch","correct":false,"count":"373"},{"text":"Pay or play","correct":true,"count":"394"}]
"text":"ClayMation","correct":false,"count":"1,513"},{"text":"StayCation","correct":false,"count":"1,428"},{"text":"PlayStation","correct":true,"count":"453,805"}]
"text":"Qbert","correct":false,"count":"16,219"},{"text":"Joust","correct":false,"count":"5,669"},{"text":"Tetris","correct":true,"count":"391,408"}]
"text":"Dating sim","correct":false,"count":"7,194"},{"text":"MMORPG","correct":true,"count":"309,680"},{"text":"Walking simulator","correct":false,"count":"50,844"}]
"text":"Bribe","correct":false,"count":"97,315"},{"text":"Thank","correct":true,"count":"139,229"},{"text":"Mock","correct":false,"count":"71,201"}]
"text":"Breath of the Wild","correct":true,"count":"62,189"},{"text":"Mario Kart 8 Deluxe","correct":false,"count":"49,955"},{"text":"Super Mario Odyssey","correct":false,"count":"37,161"}]
"text":"Shoulder","correct":false,"count":"5,389"},{"text":"Foot","correct":false,"count":"7,960"},{"text":"Knee","correct":true,"count":"56,964"}]
"text":"A","correct":false,"count":"7,093"},{"text":"Left","correct":false,"count":"13,296"},{"text":"Up","correct":true,"count":"37,654"}]
"text":"Speed","correct":false,"count":"7,082"},{"text":"Height","correct":true,"count":"26,454"},{"text":"Slapping power","correct":false,"count":"6,672"}]
"text":"Close King’s Row","correct":true,"count":"15,059"},{"text":"Nerf Bastion","correct":false,"count":"6,182"},{"text":"No Hanzo mains","correct":false,"count":"6,613"}]
"text":"Zero gravity","correct":false,"count":"2,223"},{"text":"Giant ball","correct":false,"count":"3,074"},{"text":"More pins","correct":true,"count":"11,935"}]
"text":"Warcraft: Orcs & Humans","correct":false,"count":"5,877"},{"text":"StarCraft","correct":true,"count":"5,823"},{"text":"Heroes of the Storm","correct":false,"count":"991"}]
"text":"Batmobile","correct":false,"count":"1,759"},{"text":"Ark","correct":true,"count":"301,743"},{"text":"E-scooter","correct":false,"count":"901"}]
"text":"Papier-mâché","correct":false,"count":"25,755"},{"text":"Carpet remnants","correct":false,"count":"3,939"},{"text":"A molehill","correct":true,"count":"266,837"}]
"text":"Psychotherapist","correct":false,"count":"2,692"},{"text":"Psychiatrist","correct":false,"count":"2,121"},{"text":"Psychic","correct":true,"count":"260,834"}]
"text":"Louse","correct":true,"count":"178,988"},{"text":"Mouse","correct":false,"count":"79,165"},{"text":"Moose","correct":false,"count":"1,012"}]
"text":"Tokyo","correct":false,"count":"3,358"},{"text":"Paris","correct":false,"count":"4,146"},{"text":"Orlando","correct":true,"count":"176,783"}]
"text":"Jackson Pollock","correct":false,"count":"46,196"},{"text":"Jasper Johns","correct":false,"count":"42,444"},{"text":"Alexander Calder","correct":true,"count":"86,330"}]
"text":"Budweiser","correct":false,"count":"21,643"},{"text":"Yuengling","correct":true,"count":"36,919"},{"text":"Coors","correct":false,"count":"34,268"}]
"text":"Craig Kilborn","correct":true,"count":"20,595"},{"text":"Greg Kinnear","correct":false,"count":"7,121"},{"text":"Jon Stewart","correct":false,"count":"15,119"}]
"text":"C+C Music Factory","correct":false,"count":"8,113"},{"text":"Baja Men","correct":false,"count":"7,269"},{"text":"95 South","correct":true,"count":"6,928"}]
"text":"Galumphing","correct":true,"count":"4,506"},{"text":"Phantasmagoria","correct":false,"count":"3,066"},{"text":"Hurly-burly","correct":false,"count":"2,303"}]
"text":"Papua New Guinea","correct":false,"count":"1,641"},{"text":"Indonesia","correct":true,"count":"3,373"},{"text":"The Philippines","correct":false,"count":"491"}]
"text":"Quiz buddy","correct":false,"count":"1,584"},{"text":"Quiet boi","correct":false,"count":"1,086"},{"text":"Quarterback","correct":true,"count":"335,728"}]
"text":"Hairnet","correct":false,"count":"2,090"},{"text":"Sail","correct":true,"count":"325,721"},{"text":"Dreamcatcher","correct":false,"count":"4,053"}]
"text":"Hoagie","correct":false,"count":"31,982"},{"text":"Club","correct":true,"count":"288,187"},{"text":"Hot dog","correct":false,"count":"1,413"}]
"text":"Chlorophyll","correct":true,"count":"271,839"},{"text":"Chromium","correct":false,"count":"9,005"},{"text":"Chlorine","correct":false,"count":"6,501"}]
"text":"Google","correct":false,"count":"69,465"},{"text":"AOL","correct":false,"count":"128,228"},{"text":"Microsoft","correct":true,"count":"68,628"}]
"text":"William Golding","correct":true,"count":"36,188"},{"text":"JD Salinger","correct":false,"count":"21,641"},{"text":"Robert Louis Stevenson","correct":false,"count":"21,362"}]
"text":"Legally Blonde","correct":false,"count":"6,001"},{"text":"Titanic","correct":true,"count":"13,280"},{"text":"Reservoir Dogs","correct":false,"count":"19,051"}]
"text":"Bovine","correct":true,"count":"6,293"},{"text":"Horse","correct":false,"count":"6,582"},{"text":"Chicken","correct":false,"count":"3,445"}]
"text":"Washington","correct":false,"count":"932"},{"text":"FDR","correct":false,"count":"2,576"},{"text":"Jefferson","correct":true,"count":"3,783"}]
"text":"Space Oddity","correct":false,"count":"1,215"},{"text":"Mr. Tambourine Man","correct":false,"count":"936"},{"text":"Ruby Tuesday","correct":true,"count":"2,061"}]
"text":"Home Improvement","correct":false,"count":"778"},{"text":"Perfect Strangers","correct":false,"count":"685"},{"text":"Everybody Loves Raymond","correct":true,"count":"813"}]
"text":"Sun","correct":false,"count":"3,087"},{"text":"Moon","correct":true,"count":"505,289"},{"text":"Black hole","correct":false,"count":"2,385"}]
"text":"Carbon","correct":true,"count":"500,053"},{"text":"Lisbon","correct":false,"count":"1,118"},{"text":"Bonbon","correct":false,"count":"484"}]
"text":"Lower back","correct":true,"count":"475,765"},{"text":"Middle thighs","correct":false,"count":"12,658"},{"text":"Upper arms","correct":false,"count":"7,552"}]
"text":"Greece","correct":true,"count":"387,899"},{"text":"Canada","correct":false,"count":"12,199"},{"text":"Germany","correct":false,"count":"73,317"}]
"text":"Massachusetts","correct":false,"count":"98,767"},{"text":"Bahamas","correct":true,"count":"236,045"},{"text":"Florida","correct":false,"count":"56,533"}]
"text":"E.T.","correct":false,"count":"23,915"},{"text":"Gremlins","correct":true,"count":"171,021"},{"text":"The Goonies","correct":false,"count":"54,760"}]
"text":"Cashmere","correct":true,"count":"54,495"},{"text":"Angora","correct":false,"count":"77,311"},{"text":"Merino","correct":false,"count":"46,524"}]
"text":"Pumpkin","correct":false,"count":"3,747"},{"text":"Apples","correct":false,"count":"4,640"},{"text":"Molasses","correct":true,"count":"63,569"}]
"text":"Van Gogh","correct":true,"count":"34,849"},{"text":"Michelangelo","correct":false,"count":"7,726"},{"text":"Rembrandt","correct":false,"count":"21,557"}]
"text":"Newbery","correct":false,"count":"1,630"},{"text":"Springbok","correct":true,"count":"31,435"},{"text":"Caldecott","correct":false,"count":"5,692"}]
"text":"Coffin bone","correct":true,"count":"16,511"},{"text":"Floor bone","correct":false,"count":"2,253"},{"text":"Stilt bone","correct":false,"count":"13,291"}]
"text":"Nine Inch Nails","correct":false,"count":"2,932"},{"text":"The Wu-Tang Clan","correct":false,"count":"6,617"},{"text":"Fiona Apple","correct":true,"count":"9,127"}]
"text":"Frisbee polo","correct":false,"count":"3,600"},{"text":"Poker golf","correct":false,"count":"541"},{"text":"Chess boxing","correct":true,"count":"6,309"}]
"text":"Africa","correct":false,"count":"700"},{"text":"Polynesia","correct":true,"count":"5,795"},{"text":"Europe","correct":false,"count":"332"}]
"text":"Snap","correct":true,"count":"112,066"},{"text":"Crackle","correct":false,"count":"2,113"},{"text":"Pop","correct":false,"count":"1,625"}]
"text":"Chug","correct":false,"count":"1,385"},{"text":"Slap","correct":false,"count":"8,242"},{"text":"Take","correct":true,"count":"99,947"}]
"text":"Baseball","correct":true,"count":"67,991"},{"text":"American football","correct":false,"count":"4,724"},{"text":"Soccer","correct":false,"count":"20,986"}]
"text":"Ring and middle","correct":false,"count":"7,996"},{"text":"Index and middle","correct":true,"count":"45,591"},{"text":"Index and thumb","correct":false,"count":"2,313"}]
"text":"Blake Snell","correct":false,"count":"10,360"},{"text":"Corey Kluber","correct":false,"count":"15,856"},{"text":"Max Scherzer","correct":true,"count":"19,344"}]
"text":"Raiders","correct":false,"count":"4,339"},{"text":"49ers","correct":true,"count":"13,607"},{"text":"Falcons","correct":false,"count":"2,801"}]
"text":"Packers","correct":false,"count":"5,104"},{"text":"Jets","correct":true,"count":"1,859"},{"text":"Vikings","correct":false,"count":"7,070"}]
"text":"Russell Westbrook","correct":false,"count":"983"},{"text":"Oscar Robertson","correct":false,"count":"1,092"},{"text":"Wilt Chamberlain","correct":true,"count":"1,075"}]
"text":"Angelique Kerber","correct":false,"count":"490"},{"text":"Venus Williams","correct":true,"count":"382"},{"text":"Caroline Wozniacki","correct":false,"count":"455"}]
"text":"Roy Jones Jr.","correct":false,"count":"136"},{"text":"Floyd Mayweather","correct":true,"count":"250"},{"text":"Oscar de la Hoya","correct":false,"count":"109"}]
"text":"Auston Matthews","correct":true,"count":"119"},{"text":"Patrick Kane","correct":false,"count":"84"},{"text":"Jeremy Roenick","correct":false,"count":"77"}]
"text":"Francesco Molinari wins","correct":true,"count":"43"},{"text":"Tiger Woods losses","correct":false,"count":"32"},{"text":"They were equal","correct":false,"count":"67"}]
"text":"Back","correct":true,"count":"402,446"},{"text":"At the DMV","correct":false,"count":"21,869"},{"text":"Rural Connecticut","correct":false,"count":"16,657"}]
"text":"Whoopi Goldberg","correct":false,"count":"2,216"},{"text":"Gritty the NHL mascot","correct":false,"count":"2,238"},{"text":"Harry Styles","correct":true,"count":"395,166"}]
"text":"South Korea","correct":true,"count":"343,910"},{"text":"South Carolina","correct":false,"count":"25,817"},{"text":"South America","correct":false,"count":"22,059"}]
"text":"O-Town","correct":false,"count":"34,728"},{"text":"NSYNC","correct":false,"count":"70,412"},{"text":"98 Degrees","correct":true,"count":"236,899"}]
"text":"Orlando","correct":true,"count":"168,167"},{"text":"Original","correct":false,"count":"66,552"},{"text":"Outstanding","correct":false,"count":"6,173"}]
"text":"B2K","correct":true,"count":"103,422"},{"text":"All-4-1","correct":false,"count":"58,704"},{"text":"B4-4","correct":false,"count":"10,031"}]
"text":"Cute One","correct":false,"count":"32,505"},{"text":"Heart Throb","correct":false,"count":"19,571"},{"text":"Dream Boat","correct":true,"count":"52,086"}]
"text":"Boogie Nights","correct":true,"count":"32,425"},{"text":"Good Will Hunting","correct":false,"count":"17,602"},{"text":"Fever Pitch","correct":false,"count":"6,823"}]
"text":"Lucas","correct":true,"count":"18,257"},{"text":"Percy","correct":false,"count":"7,341"},{"text":"Malone","correct":false,"count":"10,346"}]
"text":"Handsome boys","correct":false,"count":"7,943"},{"text":"Small change","correct":true,"count":"4,965"},{"text":"Next big thing","correct":false,"count":"6,861"}]
"text":"Danny","correct":false,"count":"2,556"},{"text":"Donnie","correct":false,"count":"866"},{"text":"Joey","correct":true,"count":"3,797"}]
"text":"Frogger","correct":false,"count":"1,537"},{"text":"Google","correct":true,"count":"224,845"},{"text":"Buggle","correct":false,"count":"431"}]
"text":"ROM","correct":false,"count":"3,292"},{"text":"RAM","correct":false,"count":"7,038"},{"text":"Rum","correct":true,"count":"211,440"}]
"text":"Ectonet","correct":false,"count":"3,371"},{"text":"Ethernet","correct":true,"count":"203,967"},{"text":"Plasmanet","correct":false,"count":"1,804"}]
"text":"Surface","correct":true,"count":"107,218"},{"text":"GoGear","correct":false,"count":"23,244"},{"text":"Galaxy","correct":false,"count":"66,529"}]
"text":"Crum","correct":false,"count":"46,465"},{"text":"Nibble","correct":true,"count":"54,003"},{"text":"Lick","correct":false,"count":"8,826"}]
"text":"Commodore","correct":false,"count":"2,203"},{"text":"Packard Bell","correct":false,"count":"6,106"},{"text":"Gateway","correct":true,"count":"47,914"}]
"text":"Windows","correct":false,"count":"22,419"},{"text":"Solaris","correct":false,"count":"6,441"},{"text":"Android","correct":true,"count":"18,911"}]
"text":"Vacuum tubes","correct":false,"count":"8,077"},{"text":"Magnetic drums","correct":false,"count":"5,509"},{"text":"Tape","correct":true,"count":"7,664"}]
"text":"Tungsten","correct":true,"count":"5,583"},{"text":"Strontium","correct":false,"count":"1,381"},{"text":"Indium","correct":false,"count":"1,888"}]
"text":"Sega Saturn","correct":true,"count":"2,991"},{"text":"Atari 7800","correct":false,"count":"553"},{"text":"Nintendo Game Boy","correct":false,"count":"2,253"}]
"text":"Soybeans","correct":false,"count":"742"},{"text":"Pennies","correct":false,"count":"353"},{"text":"Paper clips","correct":true,"count":"2,260"}]
"text":".uk","correct":false,"count":"509"},{"text":".fr","correct":false,"count":"812"},{"text":".ch","correct":true,"count":"1,101"}]
"text":"Swedish meatballs","correct":false,"count":"11,130"},{"text":"Poutine","correct":false,"count":"52,436"},{"text":"Grits","correct":true,"count":"301,581"}]
"text":"Wingnuts","correct":false,"count":"5,760"},{"text":"Wingtips","correct":true,"count":"282,500"},{"text":"Wing Chun","correct":false,"count":"12,989"}]
"text":"Prairie dog","correct":true,"count":"223,253"},{"text":"Elk","correct":false,"count":"2,139"},{"text":"Otter","correct":false,"count":"55,334"}]
"text":"Stirrup pants","correct":false,"count":"36,794"},{"text":"Harem pants","correct":false,"count":"67,171"},{"text":"Palazzo pants","correct":true,"count":"107,114"}]
"text":"Monaco","correct":false,"count":"25,592"},{"text":"Kuala Lumpur","correct":true,"count":"50,742"},{"text":"Singapore","correct":false,"count":"32,438"}]
"text":"Twitter logo","correct":false,"count":"11,337"},{"text":"Android robot","correct":false,"count":"27,426"},{"text":"Apple Finder","correct":true,"count":"13,245"}]
"text":"Wild tales","correct":false,"count":"6,970"},{"text":"Fairy tales","correct":false,"count":"1,600"},{"text":"Good luck tales","correct":true,"count":"7,527"}]
"text":"Self-timer","correct":true,"count":"5,257"},{"text":"Autofocus","correct":false,"count":"1,939"},{"text":"Memory card","correct":false,"count":"1,063"}]
"text":"Hanukkah","correct":false,"count":"180"},{"text":"Bar Mitzvah","correct":false,"count":"719"},{"text":"Rosh Hashanah","correct":true,"count":"4,585"}]
"text":"The pill","correct":false,"count":"786"},{"text":"Home pregnancy kits","correct":false,"count":"1,697"},{"text":"Gestational surrogacy","correct":true,"count":"2,061"}]
"text":"Cheers","correct":false,"count":"1,017"},{"text":"The Wonder Years","correct":true,"count":"1,077"},{"text":"Magnum, PI","correct":false,"count":"446"}]
"text":"American football","correct":false,"count":"4,521"},{"text":"Lacrosse","correct":true,"count":"91,774"},{"text":"Darts","correct":false,"count":"1,041"}]
"text":"Field goal","correct":true,"count":"78,265"},{"text":"PAT","correct":false,"count":"6,426"},{"text":"Safety","correct":false,"count":"5,405"}]
"text":"In overtime","correct":false,"count":"7,541"},{"text":"During a power play","correct":false,"count":"32,177"},{"text":"When shorthanded","correct":true,"count":"35,837"}]
"text":"Khalil Mack","correct":true,"count":"26,956"},{"text":"Von Miller","correct":false,"count":"4,869"},{"text":"JJ Watt","correct":false,"count":"4,702"}]
"text":"Breaststroke","correct":false,"count":"6,514"},{"text":"Backstroke","correct":false,"count":"1,548"},{"text":"Freestyle","correct":true,"count":"18,986"}]
"text":"UCLA","correct":false,"count":"634"},{"text":"UConn","correct":false,"count":"16,901"},{"text":"Tennessee","correct":true,"count":"1,939"}]
"text":"Batting average","correct":true,"count":"2,199"},{"text":"RBIs","correct":false,"count":"803"},{"text":"Home runs","correct":false,"count":"715"}]
"text":"Score a 10 in gymnastics","correct":true,"count":"930"},{"text":"Join LPGA","correct":false,"count":"774"},{"text":"Win Wimbledon","correct":false,"count":"558"}]
"text":"Bills","correct":false,"count":"350"},{"text":"Seahawks","correct":true,"count":"440"},{"text":"Vikings","correct":false,"count":"241"}]
"text":"Mariners","correct":true,"count":"293"},{"text":"Mets","correct":false,"count":"119"},{"text":"A's","correct":false,"count":"104"}]
"text":"Yrs since last major win","correct":true,"count":"172"},{"text":"Oldest major winner","correct":false,"count":"68"},{"text":"Most Masters wins","correct":false,"count":"51"}]
"text":"Swimming / Skiing","correct":false,"count":"30"},{"text":"Decathlon / Biathlon","correct":false,"count":"58"},{"text":"Skating / Cycling","correct":true,"count":"92"}]
"text":"Fear itself","correct":true,"count":"350,853"},{"text":"Big snails","correct":false,"count":"1,670"},{"text":"Break-dancing skeletons","correct":false,"count":"1,042"}]
"text":"Daddy dungarees","correct":false,"count":"29,394"},{"text":"Cousin khakis","correct":false,"count":"8,015"},{"text":"Mom jeans","correct":true,"count":"302,732"}]
"text":"Willow rum","correct":false,"count":"17,343"},{"text":"Oak wine","correct":false,"count":"15,738"},{"text":"Birch beer","correct":true,"count":"263,989"}]
"text":"Trapdoor","correct":false,"count":"2,695"},{"text":"Brown recluse","correct":false,"count":"21,296"},{"text":"Black widow","correct":true,"count":"238,897"}]
"text":"Peak","correct":false,"count":"50,493"},{"text":"Picture","correct":true,"count":"73,527"},{"text":"Phase","correct":false,"count":"110,398"}]
"text":"And that’s the way it is","correct":true,"count":"35,472"},{"text":"Good night and good luck","correct":false,"count":"33,959"},{"text":"And so it goes","correct":false,"count":"8,762"}]
"text":"Horse breeder","correct":false,"count":"10,782"},{"text":"Fisherman","correct":false,"count":"5,080"},{"text":"Monk","correct":true,"count":"22,120"}]
"text":"Space Ace","correct":false,"count":"4,268"},{"text":"Dragon’s Lair","correct":true,"count":"14,613"},{"text":"Cuphead","correct":false,"count":"3,890"}]
"text":"The Ramones","correct":false,"count":"6,406"},{"text":"The Clash","correct":true,"count":"3,590"},{"text":"The Sex Pistols","correct":false,"count":"5,284"}]
"text":"Myanmar / Bahamas","correct":false,"count":"1,360"},{"text":"Liberia / Uruguay","correct":false,"count":"1,867"},{"text":"Austria / Laos","correct":true,"count":"1,736"}]
"text":"Richard II","correct":true,"count":"741"},{"text":"Mark Antony","correct":false,"count":"1,031"},{"text":"Sir John Falstaff","correct":false,"count":"501"}]
"text":"Pot of gold","correct":true,"count":"202,533"},{"text":"A moth","correct":false,"count":"1,147"},{"text":"Bunch of mean horses","correct":false,"count":"740"}]
"text":"Super forward","correct":false,"count":"1,040"},{"text":"Reverse","correct":true,"count":"197,543"},{"text":"Wildly neutral","correct":false,"count":"687"}]
"text":"Swedish bowlers","correct":false,"count":"8,817"},{"text":"Greek chorus","correct":true,"count":"171,121"},{"text":"Italian bakers","correct":false,"count":"11,041"}]
"text":"Jeans","correct":true,"count":"149,480"},{"text":"Cargo pants","correct":false,"count":"9,470"},{"text":"Silk slacks","correct":false,"count":"10,717"}]
"text":"The Zorro","correct":false,"count":"10,448"},{"text":"X marking","correct":false,"count":"15,538"},{"text":"Switchback","correct":true,"count":"122,516"}]
"text":"Solo: A Star Wars Story","correct":false,"count":"43,964"},{"text":"Whiplash","correct":false,"count":"20,156"},{"text":"Baby Driver","correct":true,"count":"56,201"}]
"text":"Butter","correct":true,"count":"50,505"},{"text":"Sunlight","correct":false,"count":"2,885"},{"text":"Water","correct":false,"count":"5,833"}]
"text":"Lil Wayne","correct":true,"count":"23,160"},{"text":"Lil Yachty","correct":false,"count":"15,900"},{"text":"Lil Kim","correct":false,"count":"11,839"}]
"text":"Education","correct":true,"count":"20,059"},{"text":"Healthcare","correct":false,"count":"3,448"},{"text":"Infrastructure","correct":false,"count":"1,983"}]
"text":"Peter Pettigrew","correct":true,"count":"4,402"},{"text":"Remus Lupin","correct":false,"count":"2,975"},{"text":"Lucius Malfoy","correct":false,"count":"12,880"}]
"text":"Statue of Liberty","correct":false,"count":"1,737"},{"text":"Michelangelo’s David","correct":false,"count":"1,737"},{"text":"Great Sphinx of Giza","correct":true,"count":"3,692"}]
"text":"Michael Jordan","correct":false,"count":"665"},{"text":"Kobe Bryant","correct":false,"count":"1,873"},{"text":"LeBron James","correct":true,"count":"1,546"}]
"text":"Hand","correct":true,"count":"470,570"},{"text":"Uncle in the basement","correct":false,"count":"2,905"},{"text":"Jonathan Taylor Thomas","correct":false,"count":"1,485"}]
"text":"Marmalade stilettos","correct":false,"count":"11,228"},{"text":"Jelly shoes","correct":true,"count":"436,493"},{"text":"Jam loafers","correct":false,"count":"16,041"}]
"text":"A Light Drizzle","correct":false,"count":"39,037"},{"text":"Torrential Downpour","correct":false,"count":"37,565"},{"text":"No Rain","correct":true,"count":"343,724"}]
"text":"Honolulu","correct":false,"count":"51,524"},{"text":"Tokyo","correct":false,"count":"14,238"},{"text":"Minneapolis","correct":true,"count":"280,937"}]
"text":"Teen","correct":false,"count":"101,028"},{"text":"Tadpole","correct":true,"count":"91,928"},{"text":"Child","correct":false,"count":"86,752"}]
"text":"Ob-la-di, Ob-la-da","correct":false,"count":"27,577"},{"text":"Fa-la-la-la-la","correct":false,"count":"15,433"},{"text":"Ooga-chaka","correct":true,"count":"64,412"}]
"text":"Butter substitute","correct":true,"count":"59,380"},{"text":"Stereo system","correct":false,"count":"1,177"},{"text":"Jeans","correct":false,"count":"9,662"}]
"text":"Albertville","correct":false,"count":"7,119"},{"text":"Nagano","correct":false,"count":"20,635"},{"text":"Lillehammer","correct":true,"count":"31,447"}]
"text":"Van Halen","correct":true,"count":"23,871"},{"text":"Pearl Jam","correct":false,"count":"7,956"},{"text":"Smashing Pumpkins","correct":false,"count":"3,234"}]
"text":"Dunk","correct":false,"count":"5,022"},{"text":"Lay up","correct":false,"count":"5,505"},{"text":"Jump shot","correct":true,"count":"14,796"}]
"text":"Wayne’s World","correct":true,"count":"3,751"},{"text":"Tommy Boy","correct":false,"count":"7,424"},{"text":"Coneheads","correct":false,"count":"5,058"}]
"text":"Drum solo","correct":false,"count":"40,237"},{"text":"Lyrics","correct":true,"count":"263,008"},{"text":"Sick bass licks","correct":false,"count":"4,353"}]
"text":"Extra","correct":false,"count":"3,225"},{"text":"Trident","correct":true,"count":"237,697"},{"text":"Chiclets","correct":false,"count":"21,516"}]
"text":"Rush","correct":false,"count":"22,707"},{"text":"Colon","correct":false,"count":"14,070"},{"text":"Dash","correct":true,"count":"197,921"}]
"text":"Zambia","correct":true,"count":"128,026"},{"text":"Egypt","correct":false,"count":"29,393"},{"text":"Tunisia","correct":false,"count":"39,940"}]
"text":"Teams go to 3 skaters","correct":true,"count":"43,587"},{"text":"Goalies are pulled","correct":false,"count":"15,996"},{"text":"Shootout","correct":false,"count":"63,938"}]
"text":"Tin","correct":true,"count":"22,201"},{"text":"Iron","correct":false,"count":"17,429"},{"text":"Copper","correct":false,"count":"8,457"}]
"text":"Oscar Isaac","correct":false,"count":"3,077"},{"text":"Oscar de la Renta","correct":false,"count":"4,183"},{"text":"Oscar Hammerstein","correct":true,"count":"16,670"}]
"text":"Editorial Cartooning","correct":false,"count":"3,098"},{"text":"Science Writing","correct":true,"count":"7,335"},{"text":"Breaking News Reporting","correct":false,"count":"6,450"}]
"text":"EMPTYBUS.","correct":false,"count":"803"},{"text":"MISSINGNO.","correct":true,"count":"5,889"},{"text":"PK_IDENT.","correct":false,"count":"1,659"}]
"text":"Ghost-faced bat","correct":true,"count":"2,530"},{"text":"Platypus","correct":false,"count":"1,100"},{"text":"Slow loris","correct":false,"count":"2,574"}]
"text":"W*A*L*T*E*R","correct":false,"count":"612"},{"text":"Trapper John, MD","correct":false,"count":"1,215"},{"text":"AfterMASH","correct":true,"count":"1,122"}]
"text":"Pu pu platter","correct":true,"count":"274,392"},{"text":"Pasta primavera","correct":false,"count":"25,653"},{"text":"Pancake frenzy","correct":false,"count":"11,845"}]
"text":"Weather","correct":true,"count":"262,193"},{"text":"Hot goss","correct":false,"count":"6,193"},{"text":"Jared Leto’s band","correct":false,"count":"4,638"}]
"text":"Scorpion","correct":false,"count":"7,897"},{"text":"Giraffe","correct":true,"count":"236,725"},{"text":"Owl","correct":false,"count":"15,082"}]
"text":"Green","correct":false,"count":"1,659"},{"text":"Red / blue","correct":false,"count":"11,931"},{"text":"White","correct":true,"count":"222,800"}]
"text":"Socks","correct":false,"count":"28,618"},{"text":"Sunny","correct":false,"count":"32,357"},{"text":"Smiley","correct":true,"count":"158,171"}]
"text":"Cowboy","correct":false,"count":"9,575"},{"text":"Fedora","correct":false,"count":"38,438"},{"text":"Beret","correct":true,"count":"112,079"}]
"text":"Cheating death","correct":true,"count":"40,285"},{"text":"Mocking Zeus","correct":false,"count":"48,920"},{"text":"Stealing bread","correct":false,"count":"23,622"}]
"text":"Madonna","correct":true,"count":"24,522"},{"text":"Jennifer Lopez","correct":false,"count":"8,890"},{"text":"Janet Jackson","correct":false,"count":"12,012"}]
"text":"ALF doll","correct":false,"count":"8,147"},{"text":"Cricket","correct":true,"count":"6,584"},{"text":"Teddy Ruxpin","correct":false,"count":"11,852"}]
"text":"Billybobapalooza","correct":true,"count":"2,648"},{"text":"Adrien Brodyville","correct":false,"count":"2,526"},{"text":"Nic’s Cage","correct":false,"count":"3,541"}]
"text":"Aliens","correct":false,"count":"946"},{"text":"Outer space","correct":false,"count":"513"},{"text":"The education system","correct":true,"count":"3,013"}]
"text":"Most Chic","correct":false,"count":"3,769"},{"text":"He’ll Teach You Guitar","correct":false,"count":"4,156"},{"text":"Wanted","correct":true,"count":"505,113"}]
"text":"Fame","correct":false,"count":"844"},{"text":"Fortune","correct":true,"count":"500,951"},{"text":"Browser","correct":false,"count":"625"}]
"text":"Arachnid","correct":false,"count":"52,601"},{"text":"Insect","correct":false,"count":"26,363"},{"text":"Mammal","correct":true,"count":"418,366"}]
"text":"Ramp","correct":false,"count":"50,374"},{"text":"Steam engine","correct":true,"count":"252,017"},{"text":"Crowbar","correct":false,"count":"106,553"}]
"text":"Lampoon","correct":false,"count":"30,115"},{"text":"Cardoon","correct":true,"count":"213,489"},{"text":"Bassoon","correct":false,"count":"20,944"}]
"text":"Gel","correct":false,"count":"4,775"},{"text":"Acrylic","correct":false,"count":"2,035"},{"text":"Portage","correct":true,"count":"210,921"}]
"text":"James Madison","correct":false,"count":"149,721"},{"text":"George Washington","correct":false,"count":"17,351"},{"text":"Teddy Roosevelt","correct":true,"count":"43,099"}]
"text":"Gymnastics","correct":true,"count":"53,502"},{"text":"Discus","correct":false,"count":"6,116"},{"text":"Marathon","correct":false,"count":"7,144"}]
"text":"Raf Simons","correct":false,"count":"8,010"},{"text":"Stella McCartney","correct":true,"count":"38,312"},{"text":"The Row","correct":false,"count":"8,227"}]
"text":"Barley","correct":false,"count":"2,110"},{"text":"Rice","correct":false,"count":"12,949"},{"text":"Salt","correct":true,"count":"25,011"}]
"text":"Billy Madison","correct":false,"count":"5,639"},{"text":"Stifler","correct":false,"count":"2,393"},{"text":"Spicoli","correct":true,"count":"18,761"}]
"text":"Boa constrictor","correct":false,"count":"6,448"},{"text":"Cobra","correct":false,"count":"525"},{"text":"Python","correct":true,"count":"12,721"}]
"text":"Getting a haircut","correct":true,"count":"8,685"},{"text":"Surgery","correct":false,"count":"2,078"},{"text":"Small holes","correct":false,"count":"2,878"}]
"text":"Pirates of Penzance","correct":false,"count":"2,415"},{"text":"In the Heights","correct":false,"count":"5,669"},{"text":"Company","correct":true,"count":"1,095"}]
"text":"Potato head","correct":false,"count":"2,418"},{"text":"Stiff arm","correct":true,"count":"97,420"},{"text":"Tennis elbow","correct":false,"count":"3,496"}]
"text":"Fours","correct":true,"count":"74,436"},{"text":"Rules","correct":false,"count":"7,882"},{"text":"Other players","correct":false,"count":"11,808"}]
"text":"Nate Diaz","correct":true,"count":"62,821"},{"text":"Khabib Nurmagomedov","correct":false,"count":"6,788"},{"text":"Conor McGregor","correct":false,"count":"4,645"}]
"text":"QB slide","correct":false,"count":"1,586"},{"text":"First down","correct":false,"count":"6,669"},{"text":"Running out of bounds","correct":true,"count":"53,946"}]
"text":"76ers","correct":false,"count":"4,630"},{"text":"Nuggets","correct":true,"count":"39,872"},{"text":"Nets","correct":false,"count":"9,459"}]
"text":"Lionel Messi","correct":false,"count":"9,901"},{"text":"David Beckham","correct":false,"count":"3,524"},{"text":"Zinedine Zidane","correct":true,"count":"26,804"}]
"text":"Men’s","correct":false,"count":"6,707"},{"text":"Silent","correct":false,"count":"7,438"},{"text":"Solo","correct":true,"count":"13,295"}]
"text":"Captain","correct":false,"count":"1,602"},{"text":"Owner","correct":false,"count":"2,801"},{"text":"Coach","correct":true,"count":"10,345"}]
"text":"Miller Park","correct":true,"count":"8,778"},{"text":"Fenway Park","correct":false,"count":"1,183"},{"text":"Minute Maid Park","correct":false,"count":"690"}]
"text":"SEC","correct":true,"count":"3,872"},{"text":"ACC","correct":false,"count":"3,054"},{"text":"AAC","correct":false,"count":"1,951"}]
"text":"CC Sabathia","correct":true,"count":"2,596"},{"text":"Randy Johnson","correct":false,"count":"1,556"},{"text":"Cole Hamels","correct":false,"count":"736"}]
"text":"Jerry Rice","correct":false,"count":"659"},{"text":"Sterling Sharpe","correct":true,"count":"1,181"},{"text":"Marvin Harrison","correct":false,"count":"1,092"}]
"text":"Iggy Azalea","correct":false,"count":"13,940"},{"text":"Vegetarian","correct":false,"count":"24,499"},{"text":"Royals","correct":true,"count":"392,247"}]
"text":"BRB","correct":false,"count":"20,003"},{"text":"LOL","correct":false,"count":"8,156"},{"text":"LMFAO","correct":true,"count":"361,953"}]
"text":"Selena Gomez","correct":false,"count":"4,307"},{"text":"Adele","correct":false,"count":"62,346"},{"text":"Robyn","correct":true,"count":"293,032"}]
"text":"Crazy in Love","correct":false,"count":"79,522"},{"text":"Daddy Lessons","correct":true,"count":"138,777"},{"text":"Halo","correct":false,"count":"75,330"}]
"text":"Mike WiLL","correct":false,"count":"30,042"},{"text":"Timbaland","correct":false,"count":"20,370"},{"text":"Pharrell","correct":true,"count":"96,516"}]
"text":"Pikachu","correct":false,"count":"16,379"},{"text":"Mario","correct":true,"count":"44,806"},{"text":"Sonic","correct":false,"count":"37,291"}]
"text":"Alicia Keys","correct":false,"count":"13,658"},{"text":"Madonna","correct":false,"count":"9,216"},{"text":"Rihanna","correct":true,"count":"25,468"}]
"text":"Everything Has Changed","correct":false,"count":"7,262"},{"text":"End Game","correct":false,"count":"5,716"},{"text":"Bad Blood","correct":true,"count":"14,470"}]
"text":"Biscuit pan","correct":true,"count":"4,554"},{"text":"Waffle iron","correct":false,"count":"3,045"},{"text":"Cast iron skillet","correct":false,"count":"7,971"}]
"text":"Formation","correct":false,"count":"1,881"},{"text":"In My Feelings","correct":true,"count":"1,888"},{"text":"Nice for What","correct":false,"count":"1,961"}]
"text":"Be his friend","correct":false,"count":"113"},{"text":"Pick up the phone","correct":false,"count":"928"},{"text":"Don’t let him in","correct":true,"count":"1,385"}]
"text":"Longitude / latitude","correct":true,"count":"232,407"},{"text":"Ham / cheese","correct":false,"count":"1,921"},{"text":"Hall / Oates","correct":false,"count":"639"}]
"text":"Empire Records","correct":false,"count":"14,010"},{"text":"Galactic Republic","correct":false,"count":"6,699"},{"text":"German Empire","correct":true,"count":"204,189"}]
"text":"Doctor Who","correct":true,"count":"178,650"},{"text":"God Friended Me","correct":false,"count":"9,780"},{"text":"Cheers","correct":false,"count":"11,423"}]
"text":"Jelly","correct":false,"count":"21,890"},{"text":"Banana","correct":true,"count":"140,881"},{"text":"Chocolate spread","correct":false,"count":"13,743"}]
"text":"Awkwafina","correct":true,"count":"84,216"},{"text":"Sandra Bullock","correct":false,"count":"19,839"},{"text":"Anne Hathaway","correct":false,"count":"35,675"}]
"text":"New York","correct":false,"count":"11,821"},{"text":"Southampton","correct":false,"count":"28,698"},{"text":"Belfast","correct":true,"count":"44,683"}]
"text":"Rachael Ray","correct":false,"count":"7,541"},{"text":"Martha Stewart","correct":true,"count":"22,818"},{"text":"Emeril Lagasse","correct":false,"count":"15,431"}]
"text":"Opera","correct":true,"count":"13,103"},{"text":"Country","correct":false,"count":"2,705"},{"text":"Jazz","correct":false,"count":"8,145"}]
"text":"Seattle","correct":false,"count":"9,752"},{"text":"New Orleans","correct":true,"count":"3,513"},{"text":"New York City","correct":false,"count":"915"}]
"text":"Wedding Crashers","correct":true,"count":"1,830"},{"text":"The Hangover","correct":false,"count":"1,681"},{"text":"Bridesmaids","correct":false,"count":"1,474"}]
"text":"Happy Days","correct":false,"count":"731"},{"text":"I Dream of Jeannie","correct":false,"count":"644"},{"text":"The Brady Bunch","correct":true,"count":"921"}]
"text":"Ace","correct":true,"count":"612"},{"text":"Goofy","correct":false,"count":"244"},{"text":"Tickle","correct":false,"count":"219"}]
"text":"John Cena","correct":false,"count":"1,904"},{"text":"John Adams","correct":true,"count":"342,476"},{"text":"John Stamos","correct":false,"count":"2,005"}]
"text":"Adjective","correct":true,"count":"479"},{"text":"Sedative","correct":false,"count":"2"},{"text":"Secret operative","correct":false,"count":"3"}]
"text":"Eminem","correct":false,"count":"6,554"},{"text":"Bono","correct":true,"count":"309,955"},{"text":"Sting","correct":false,"count":"22,297"}]
"text":"Tiffani Thiessen","correct":false,"count":"25,342"},{"text":"Melissa Joan Hart","correct":true,"count":"237,249"},{"text":"Elizabeth Berkley","correct":false,"count":"37,647"}]
"text":"Toads","correct":false,"count":"89,183"},{"text":"Humans","correct":true,"count":"128,146"},{"text":"Frogs","correct":false,"count":"17,821"}]
"text":"Canada","correct":true,"count":"30,623"},{"text":"Canberra","correct":false,"count":"74,203"},{"text":"Canister","correct":false,"count":"26,871"}]
"text":"New Edition","correct":false,"count":"7,314"},{"text":"Soft Cell","correct":true,"count":"19,710"},{"text":"Color Me Badd","correct":false,"count":"8,170"}]
"text":"Faux hawk","correct":false,"count":"1,169"},{"text":"Soul patch","correct":false,"count":"7,978"},{"text":"Unibrow","correct":true,"count":"11,469"}]
"text":"Ed Koch","correct":false,"count":"7,193"},{"text":"Debbie Gibson","correct":true,"count":"2,487"},{"text":"Andy Warhol","correct":false,"count":"2,623"}]
"text":"Pittsburgh","correct":false,"count":"785"},{"text":"Falkland Islands","correct":true,"count":"3,028"},{"text":"South Africa","correct":false,"count":"456"}]
"text":"The Doobie Brothers","correct":true,"count":"1,890"},{"text":"Fleetwood Mac","correct":false,"count":"655"},{"text":"The Eagles","correct":false,"count":"510"}]
"text":"Peanutweight","correct":false,"count":"14,760"},{"text":"Birdweight","correct":false,"count":"30,613"},{"text":"Strawweight","correct":true,"count":"56,451"}]
"text":"Play all nine positions","correct":false,"count":"6,330"},{"text":"Hit for the cycle","correct":true,"count":"38,857"},{"text":"Steal every base twice","correct":false,"count":"8,768"}]
"text":"Shotgun","correct":true,"count":"35,418"},{"text":"I formation","correct":false,"count":"2,400"},{"text":"Pistol","correct":false,"count":"1,163"}]
"text":"Georgia","correct":false,"count":"13,158"},{"text":"Ohio State","correct":true,"count":"13,341"},{"text":"Notre Dame","correct":false,"count":"8,326"}]
"text":"Julio Franco","correct":true,"count":"3,800"},{"text":"Barry Bonds","correct":false,"count":"8,769"},{"text":"Carlton Fisk","correct":false,"count":"2,060"}]
"text":"Jacksonville Jaguars","correct":false,"count":"1,135"},{"text":"Cleveland Browns","correct":true,"count":"2,580"},{"text":"Detroit Lions","correct":false,"count":"844"}]
"text":"Boxing","correct":false,"count":"1,446"},{"text":"Horse racing","correct":true,"count":"906"},{"text":"Swimming","correct":false,"count":"441"}]
"text":"NHL","correct":true,"count":"691"},{"text":"NFL","correct":false,"count":"121"},{"text":"NBA","correct":false,"count":"341"}]
"text":"Bobby Knight","correct":false,"count":"253"},{"text":"John Wooden","correct":true,"count":"287"},{"text":"Dean Smith","correct":false,"count":"203"}]
"text":"Timberwolves","correct":true,"count":"180"},{"text":"Cavaliers","correct":false,"count":"65"},{"text":"Bucks","correct":false,"count":"107"}]
"text":"Rafael Nadal","correct":false,"count":"77"},{"text":"Chris Evert","correct":true,"count":"68"},{"text":"Bjorn Borg","correct":false,"count":"58"}]
"text":"Colombia","correct":false,"count":"36"},{"text":"Ireland","correct":false,"count":"39"},{"text":"China","correct":true,"count":"17"}]
"text":"Coolio","correct":false,"count":"1,486"},{"text":"Celsius","correct":true,"count":"376,959"},{"text":"Cleveland Cavalier","correct":false,"count":"734"}]
"text":"Invincible","correct":true,"count":"361,093"},{"text":"Self-deprecating","correct":false,"count":"9,263"},{"text":"Befuddled","correct":false,"count":"1,815"}]
"text":"Asthma","correct":true,"count":"358,094"},{"text":"Pimples","correct":false,"count":"592"},{"text":"Broken leg","correct":false,"count":"329"}]
"text":"Oil","correct":false,"count":"40,852"},{"text":"Butter","correct":false,"count":"30,065"},{"text":"Alcohol","correct":true,"count":"283,643"}]
"text":"Scared","correct":false,"count":"57,341"},{"text":"Sleepy","correct":true,"count":"65,122"},{"text":"Overexcited","correct":false,"count":"160,896"}]
"text":"Iguana","correct":true,"count":"43,814"},{"text":"Python","correct":false,"count":"8,835"},{"text":"Boa","correct":false,"count":"23,112"}]
"text":"Bearded man","correct":false,"count":"12,230"},{"text":"Heart with eyes","correct":true,"count":"25,809"},{"text":"Three little stars","correct":false,"count":"8,195"}]
"text":"John","correct":false,"count":"6,922"},{"text":"Ringo","correct":false,"count":"8,696"},{"text":"Paul","correct":true,"count":"11,597"}]
"text":"Of Mice and Men","correct":false,"count":"5,186"},{"text":"The Grapes of Wrath","correct":false,"count":"2,695"},{"text":"East of Eden","correct":true,"count":"5,229"}]
"text":"Minnesota","correct":false,"count":"1,530"},{"text":"New England","correct":false,"count":"1,409"},{"text":"Pittsburgh","correct":true,"count":"3,158"}]
"text":"Impressionism","correct":false,"count":"835"},{"text":"Cubism","correct":false,"count":"582"},{"text":"Pointillism","correct":true,"count":"2,185"}]
"text":"Pine tree","correct":false,"count":"3,015"},{"text":"Nurse shark","correct":true,"count":"189,591"},{"text":"Grizzly bear","correct":false,"count":"1,381"}]
"text":"Nine","correct":true,"count":"165,627"},{"text":"By the Bell","correct":false,"count":"14,689"},{"text":"Your lunch date","correct":false,"count":"5,002"}]
"text":"Taylor Swift","correct":true,"count":"146,006"},{"text":"Beyoncé","correct":false,"count":"14,127"},{"text":"Justin Bieber","correct":false,"count":"3,518"}]
"text":"Repartee","correct":true,"count":"82,834"},{"text":"Repertoire","correct":false,"count":"49,171"},{"text":"Repartition","correct":false,"count":"11,526"}]
"text":"Shallow","correct":true,"count":"36,939"},{"text":"Loving","correct":false,"count":"32,737"},{"text":"Classy","correct":false,"count":"11,752"}]
"text":"Fats Waller","correct":false,"count":"6,350"},{"text":"Jelly Roll Morton","correct":false,"count":"5,409"},{"text":"Scott Joplin","correct":true,"count":"26,027"}]
"text":"Pac-Man Mania","correct":false,"count":"12,984"},{"text":"Pac-Man Plus","correct":true,"count":"7,107"},{"text":"Pac-Man Turbo","correct":false,"count":"6,070"}]
"text":"Whisper of the Heart","correct":true,"count":"5,615"},{"text":"Ponyo","correct":false,"count":"1,078"},{"text":"Kiki’s Delivery Service","correct":false,"count":"1,778"}]
"text":"Car model","correct":false,"count":"1,335"},{"text":"Country","correct":true,"count":"3,548"},{"text":"Soap brand","correct":false,"count":"920"}]
"text":"China","correct":false,"count":"2,559"},{"text":"Brazil","correct":false,"count":"389"},{"text":"Indonesia","correct":true,"count":"797"}]
"text":"Tom Clancy","correct":false,"count":"117"},{"text":"Robert Ludlum","correct":false,"count":"144"},{"text":"Ian Fleming","correct":true,"count":"1,191"}]
"text":"Semaphore","correct":true,"count":"876"},{"text":"Analog clock face","correct":false,"count":"128"},{"text":"Greek alphabet","correct":false,"count":"192"}]
"text":"Simon Cowell","correct":true,"count":"393,667"},{"text":"Luna Legend","correct":false,"count":"5,215"},{"text":"NHL Mascot Gritty","correct":false,"count":"2,238"}]
"text":"Mustache","correct":true,"count":"373,407"},{"text":"Soul patch","correct":false,"count":"12,717"},{"text":"Wizard beard","correct":false,"count":"4,367"}]
"text":"Mad Men","correct":false,"count":"48,592"},{"text":"Seinfeld","correct":false,"count":"47,626"},{"text":"The Sopranos","correct":true,"count":"271,026"}]
"text":"Castle","correct":true,"count":"193,799"},{"text":"House","correct":false,"count":"4,827"},{"text":"The Mindy Project","correct":false,"count":"78,204"}]
"text":"Daenerys Targaryen","correct":true,"count":"150,793"},{"text":"Jon Snow","correct":false,"count":"31,042"},{"text":"Stannis Baratheon","correct":false,"count":"18,694"}]
"text":"Rubber Man","correct":false,"count":"34,748"},{"text":"Krazee-Eyez Killa","correct":true,"count":"100,699"},{"text":"Twisty the Clown","correct":false,"count":"19,212"}]
"text":"Christian Louboutin flat","correct":false,"count":"36,193"},{"text":"Manolo Blahnik Mary Jane","correct":true,"count":"50,923"},{"text":"Prada stiletto","correct":false,"count":"18,220"}]
"text":"Medium","correct":false,"count":"14,458"},{"text":"The X-Files","correct":true,"count":"26,296"},{"text":"Prime Suspect","correct":false,"count":"17,805"}]
"text":"Heroes","correct":true,"count":"14,723"},{"text":"Projects","correct":false,"count":"11,792"},{"text":"Frenemies","correct":false,"count":"4,399"}]
"text":"David Bowie","correct":true,"count":"8,319"},{"text":"Mick Jagger","correct":false,"count":"2,858"},{"text":"Stevie Nicks","correct":false,"count":"5,225"}]
"text":"Necklace","correct":true,"count":"3,769"},{"text":"Baseball cap","correct":false,"count":"3,343"},{"text":"Sunglasses","correct":false,"count":"2,157"}]
"text":"Popemobile","correct":true,"count":"271,064"},{"text":"Ecto-1","correct":false,"count":"26,704"},{"text":"Batmobile","correct":false,"count":"6,580"}]
"text":"Citrus fruits","correct":true,"count":"260,829"},{"text":"Cap’n Crunch","correct":false,"count":"3,143"},{"text":"Avocado toast","correct":false,"count":"4,131"}]
"text":"Babe the Blue Ox","correct":true,"count":"230,825"},{"text":"Bea the Honey Badger","correct":false,"count":"19,786"},{"text":"Winky the Slinky Snake","correct":false,"count":"4,208"}]
"text":"Mallorca","correct":false,"count":"6,610"},{"text":"Galapagos","correct":true,"count":"218,293"},{"text":"Lanzarote","correct":false,"count":"3,931"}]
"text":"Investment banker","correct":false,"count":"65,052"},{"text":"Rabbi","correct":true,"count":"32,578"},{"text":"Car salesman","correct":false,"count":"116,961"}]
"text":"Wrinkle less","correct":false,"count":"11,244"},{"text":"Stretch","correct":true,"count":"19,770"},{"text":"Survive stains","correct":false,"count":"12,399"}]
"text":"Confess their sins","correct":false,"count":"8,166"},{"text":"Clean themselves up","correct":true,"count":"4,275"},{"text":"Corrupt others","correct":false,"count":"8,239"}]
"text":"The West Wing","correct":true,"count":"3,616"},{"text":"Grey’s Anatomy","correct":false,"count":"1,989"},{"text":"Buffy the Vampire Slayer","correct":false,"count":"939"}]
"text":"Taken","correct":false,"count":"570"},{"text":"The Transporter","correct":false,"count":"895"},{"text":"XXX","correct":true,"count":"2,233"}]
"text":"The Catcher in the Rye","correct":false,"count":"240"},{"text":"The Great Gatsby","correct":true,"count":"1,945"},{"text":"To Kill a Mockingbird","correct":false,"count":"142"}]
"text":"Toxic","correct":true,"count":"388"},{"text":"California Gurls","correct":false,"count":"586"},{"text":"Party in the USA","correct":false,"count":"866"}]
"text":"Climbing technique","correct":false,"count":"2,310"},{"text":"“Battleship” move","correct":false,"count":"1,895"},{"text":"Kindergarten to Grade 12","correct":true,"count":"310,357"}]
"text":"Prunes","correct":false,"count":"22,547"},{"text":"Apricots","correct":false,"count":"1,427"},{"text":"Grapes","correct":true,"count":"282,274"}]
"text":"Tigger","correct":false,"count":"12,471"},{"text":"Winnie the Pooh","correct":false,"count":"20,247"},{"text":"Eeyore","correct":true,"count":"246,124"}]
"text":"John Adams","correct":true,"count":"130,474"},{"text":"Thomas Jefferson","correct":false,"count":"81,428"},{"text":"George Washington","correct":false,"count":"30,750"}]
"text":"Highfalutin","correct":true,"count":"71,045"},{"text":"Highfaluting","correct":false,"count":"39,327"},{"text":"Highfalutine","correct":false,"count":"21,645"}]
"text":"Skittles","correct":true,"count":"48,280"},{"text":"Smarties","correct":false,"count":"6,890"},{"text":"Snickers","correct":false,"count":"16,844"}]
"text":"Louisiana","correct":false,"count":"14,430"},{"text":"Rhode Island","correct":true,"count":"18,054"},{"text":"Alaska","correct":false,"count":"15,473"}]
"text":"Nanocent","correct":false,"count":"6,666"},{"text":"Picocoin","correct":false,"count":"6,895"},{"text":"Satoshi","correct":true,"count":"6,109"}]
"text":"Safety","correct":false,"count":"2,369"},{"text":"Conversion","correct":false,"count":"4,016"},{"text":"Fair-catch kick","correct":true,"count":"1,243"}]
"text":"Tom Bombadil","correct":true,"count":"1,242"},{"text":"Farmer Maggot","correct":false,"count":"348"},{"text":"Barliman Butterbur","correct":false,"count":"545"}]
"text":"Faerie","correct":false,"count":"85"},{"text":"High elf","correct":false,"count":"420"},{"text":"Gnome","correct":true,"count":"828"}]
"text":"Latin","correct":true,"count":"512,681"},{"text":"Klingon","correct":false,"count":"4,202"},{"text":"Valyrian","correct":false,"count":"5,406"}]
"text":"Charlie Brown","correct":false,"count":"9,518"},{"text":"Bugs Bunny","correct":true,"count":"493,553"},{"text":"Winnie-the-Pooh","correct":false,"count":"3,072"}]
"text":"Borrowed","correct":false,"count":"7,308"},{"text":"Rented","correct":false,"count":"3,499"},{"text":"Stolen","correct":true,"count":"478,643"}]
"text":"Sierra","correct":false,"count":"6,456"},{"text":"Siesta","correct":true,"count":"449,859"},{"text":"Semana","correct":false,"count":"20,104"}]
"text":"Harmonica","correct":false,"count":"47,313"},{"text":"Clarinet","correct":false,"count":"37,042"},{"text":"Cello","correct":true,"count":"364,775"}]
"text":"Knickelodeons","correct":false,"count":"11,282"},{"text":"Knick-knacks","correct":false,"count":"21,992"},{"text":"Knickerbockers","correct":true,"count":"337,579"}]
"text":"Pixie","correct":false,"count":"115,179"},{"text":"Bob","correct":true,"count":"188,564"},{"text":"Topknot","correct":false,"count":"35,893"}]
"text":"Little Dipper","correct":true,"count":"43,576"},{"text":"Orion","correct":false,"count":"49,626"},{"text":"Big Dipper","correct":false,"count":"115,091"}]
"text":"Don Quixote","correct":false,"count":"38,756"},{"text":"Invisible Man","correct":false,"count":"10,949"},{"text":"Finnegans Wake","correct":true,"count":"17,089"}]
"text":"Virgin Mary","correct":true,"count":"11,131"},{"text":"Mary Magdalene","correct":false,"count":"7,660"},{"text":"Baby Jesus","correct":false,"count":"3,544"}]
"text":"Brock","correct":false,"count":"2,316"},{"text":"Ash","correct":true,"count":"6,801"},{"text":"Misty","correct":false,"count":"3,140"}]
"text":"Triceratops","correct":false,"count":"2,048"},{"text":"Velociraptor","correct":true,"count":"4,171"},{"text":"T-Rex","correct":false,"count":"1,104"}]
"text":"Architect","correct":true,"count":"1,682"},{"text":"Surgeon","correct":false,"count":"448"},{"text":"Bricklayer","correct":false,"count":"2,407"}]
"text":"The Hunger Games","correct":false,"count":"371"},{"text":"Easy A","correct":false,"count":"356"},{"text":"The Devil Wears Prada","correct":true,"count":"1,273"}]
"text":"Dwight Eisenhower","correct":true,"count":"486"},{"text":"John Kennedy","correct":false,"count":"425"},{"text":"Lyndon Johnson","correct":false,"count":"416"}]
"text":"I’m at the zoo","correct":false,"count":"202"},{"text":"Alright, so here we are","correct":true,"count":"155"},{"text":"Let’s try this","correct":false,"count":"125"}]
"text":"Extra keys","correct":false,"count":"30"},{"text":"Longer","correct":false,"count":"49"},{"text":"No difference","correct":true,"count":"72"}]
"text":"Beige","correct":false,"count":"20"},{"text":"Orange","correct":false,"count":"13"},{"text":"Green","correct":true,"count":"38"}]
"text":"Jamaica","correct":false,"count":"2"},{"text":"St. Vincent / Grenadines","correct":false,"count":"10"},{"text":"Barbados","correct":true,"count":"26"}]
"text":"American Beauty","correct":false,"count":"7"},{"text":"Shrek","correct":true,"count":"15"},{"text":"The King’s Speech","correct":false,"count":"1"}]
"text":"Iceland","correct":false,"count":"3"},{"text":"Canada","correct":false,"count":"4"},{"text":"France","correct":true,"count":"4"}]
"text":"Lake Placid","correct":false,"count":"1"},{"text":"Paris","correct":false,"count":"0"},{"text":"Berlin","correct":true,"count":"3"}]
"text":"Rugby","correct":false,"count":"2,213"},{"text":"Hockey","correct":true,"count":"101,548"},{"text":"Basketball","correct":false,"count":"647"}]
"text":"Quarterback","correct":false,"count":"11,377"},{"text":"Offensive lineman","correct":false,"count":"24,468"},{"text":"Running back","correct":true,"count":"57,249"}]
"text":"NCAA","correct":true,"count":"23,391"},{"text":"NBA","correct":false,"count":"2,251"},{"text":"WNBA","correct":false,"count":"31,109"}]
"text":"Clayton Kershaw","correct":false,"count":"7,439"},{"text":"Trevor Bauer","correct":false,"count":"3,317"},{"text":"David Price","correct":true,"count":"13,615"}]
"text":"Take the bus","correct":false,"count":"5,266"},{"text":"Write checks","correct":true,"count":"6,675"},{"text":"Lose","correct":false,"count":"2,124"}]
"text":"Volleyball","correct":false,"count":"3,410"},{"text":"Basketball","correct":false,"count":"154"},{"text":"Track & Field","correct":true,"count":"3,666"}]
"text":"Suspension","correct":false,"count":"686"},{"text":"Rematch with McGregor","correct":false,"count":"573"},{"text":"The firing of a teammate","correct":true,"count":"2,662"}]
"text":"Janica Kostelic","correct":false,"count":"719"},{"text":"Mikaela Shiffrin","correct":false,"count":"592"},{"text":"Lindsey Vonn","correct":true,"count":"1,432"}]
"text":"Patrick Roy","correct":false,"count":"498"},{"text":"Dominik Hasek","correct":false,"count":"397"},{"text":"Martin Brodeur","correct":true,"count":"806"}]
"text":"Yankees / Royals","correct":true,"count":"186"},{"text":"Braves / Pirates","correct":false,"count":"249"},{"text":"Dodgers / Cardinals","correct":false,"count":"469"}]
"text":"Sized for middle finger","correct":true,"count":"230"},{"text":"No diamonds","correct":false,"count":"59"},{"text":"His initials","correct":false,"count":"25"}]
"text":"Pittsburgh","correct":false,"count":"49"},{"text":"Boston","correct":false,"count":"172"},{"text":"Detroit","correct":true,"count":"19"}]
"text":"Tuxedos","correct":false,"count":"39,068"},{"text":"Sandwich boards","correct":false,"count":"4,820"},{"text":"Track suits","correct":true,"count":"332,999"}]
"text":"Eminem","correct":true,"count":"313,286"},{"text":"Iggy Azalea","correct":false,"count":"8,282"},{"text":"Bow Wow","correct":false,"count":"10,245"}]
"text":"Notorious BIG","correct":false,"count":"73,786"},{"text":"Jay-Z","correct":true,"count":"182,984"},{"text":"Snoop Dogg","correct":false,"count":"51,722"}]
"text":"Lauryn Hill","correct":false,"count":"22,940"},{"text":"Nicki Minaj","correct":false,"count":"47,832"},{"text":"Cardi B","correct":true,"count":"113,038"}]
"text":"Gucci Mane","correct":false,"count":"18,594"},{"text":"J. Cole","correct":true,"count":"72,900"},{"text":"DJ Khaled","correct":false,"count":"23,660"}]
"text":"Heavy D","correct":true,"count":"48,857"},{"text":"Big Pun","correct":false,"count":"10,178"},{"text":"Biz Markie","correct":false,"count":"15,209"}]
"text":"Busta Rhymes","correct":false,"count":"6,286"},{"text":"Tupac","correct":false,"count":"5,378"},{"text":"Nas","correct":true,"count":"39,050"}]
"text":"Hannah Montana","correct":false,"count":"13,526"},{"text":"Bad and Boujee","correct":true,"count":"17,603"},{"text":"Versace","correct":false,"count":"7,980"}]
"text":"Puff Daddy","correct":true,"count":"16,441"},{"text":"Will Smith","correct":false,"count":"1,432"},{"text":"Drake","correct":false,"count":"3,015"}]
"text":"Pasadena","correct":true,"count":"8,533"},{"text":"Brentwood","correct":false,"count":"4,469"},{"text":"Malibu","correct":false,"count":"3,624"}]
"text":"Mariah Carey","correct":false,"count":"2,598"},{"text":"Lil Wayne","correct":false,"count":"1,415"},{"text":"Beastie Boys","correct":true,"count":"5,624"}]
"text":"Their ears","correct":false,"count":"28,734"},{"text":"These arepas","correct":false,"count":"2,230"},{"text":"The wool","correct":true,"count":"164,984"}]
"text":"Bellhop","correct":true,"count":"160,857"},{"text":"Key grip","correct":false,"count":"2,349"},{"text":"Cruciverbalist","correct":false,"count":"603"}]
"text":"Sandwiches","correct":false,"count":"486"},{"text":"Bridges","correct":true,"count":"155,393"},{"text":"Statues","correct":false,"count":"2,548"}]
"text":"He stole it back","correct":false,"count":"19,554"},{"text":"It self-destructed","correct":true,"count":"110,136"},{"text":"It revealed his identity","correct":false,"count":"21,010"}]
"text":"Dougie","correct":false,"count":"8,744"},{"text":"Krumping","correct":false,"count":"5,470"},{"text":"Twist","correct":true,"count":"96,402"}]
"text":"Tamale","correct":false,"count":"11,549"},{"text":"Chimichanga","correct":true,"count":"77,484"},{"text":"Enchilada","correct":false,"count":"6,918"}]
"text":"Skunk Ape","correct":true,"count":"32,301"},{"text":"Pope Lick Monster","correct":false,"count":"6,632"},{"text":"Mothman","correct":false,"count":"38,322"}]
"text":"Risk","correct":false,"count":"8,791"},{"text":"Diplomacy","correct":false,"count":"2,842"},{"text":"Stratego","correct":true,"count":"23,416"}]
"text":"Zinc","correct":false,"count":"3,166"},{"text":"Tin","correct":false,"count":"2,813"},{"text":"Iron","correct":true,"count":"18,117"}]
"text":"Blood red","correct":true,"count":"12,723"},{"text":"Luminous blue","correct":false,"count":"3,539"},{"text":"Jet black","correct":false,"count":"2,470"}]
"text":"Nigella Lawson","correct":true,"count":"6,197"},{"text":"Cat Cora","correct":false,"count":"3,838"},{"text":"Giada de Laurentiis","correct":false,"count":"3,740"}]
"text":"The Wizard of Oz","correct":false,"count":"1,740"},{"text":"Gone With the Wind","correct":true,"count":"3,713"},{"text":"Lawrence of Arabia","correct":false,"count":"2,260"}]
"text":"Outer rings of Saturn","correct":false,"count":"33,228"},{"text":"Town of Perth Amboy","correct":false,"count":"10,002"},{"text":"Shade","correct":true,"count":"430,490"}]
"text":"Avogadro's number","correct":false,"count":"7,635"},{"text":"Pi","correct":false,"count":"20,823"},{"text":"One","correct":true,"count":"411,093"}]
"text":"Plays","correct":false,"count":"17,755"},{"text":"Movies","correct":false,"count":"6,428"},{"text":"Art","correct":true,"count":"392,543"}]
"text":"Hasta mañana","correct":false,"count":"33,202"},{"text":"Comamos","correct":true,"count":"228,629"},{"text":"Nos vemos","correct":false,"count":"129,109"}]
"text":"Hollandaise","correct":false,"count":"151,661"},{"text":"Marinara","correct":false,"count":"12,527"},{"text":"Mornay","correct":true,"count":"113,795"}]
"text":"Height of Burj Khalifa","correct":true,"count":"22,537"},{"text":"Diameter of Earth","correct":false,"count":"86,976"},{"text":"Length of Florida","correct":false,"count":"45,107"}]
"text":"Plumber","correct":false,"count":"28,059"},{"text":"Soldier","correct":true,"count":"22,031"},{"text":"Baseball player","correct":false,"count":"4,195"}]
"text":"Sid & Marty Krofft","correct":true,"count":"6,706"},{"text":"The Muppets","correct":false,"count":"11,558"},{"text":"Hanna-Barbera","correct":false,"count":"7,677"}]
"text":"London","correct":true,"count":"1,345"},{"text":"Liverpool","correct":false,"count":"4,863"},{"text":"Manchester","correct":false,"count":"2,441"}]
"text":"Fifty Shades of Grey","correct":false,"count":"548"},{"text":"The Da Vinci Code","correct":true,"count":"1,080"},{"text":"Twilight","correct":false,"count":"552"}]
"text":"Nebraska","correct":true,"count":"485"},{"text":"Minnesota","correct":false,"count":"230"},{"text":"Rhode Island","correct":false,"count":"434"}]
"text":"Wishbone","correct":true,"count":"95,416"},{"text":"Funny bone","correct":false,"count":"3,750"},{"text":"Bone Thugs-N-Harmony","correct":false,"count":"2,247"}]
"text":"MLS","correct":false,"count":"4,493"},{"text":"NHL","correct":false,"count":"13,883"},{"text":"NBA","correct":true,"count":"75,861"}]
"text":"Interference calls","correct":false,"count":"8,173"},{"text":"Runners caught stealing","correct":false,"count":"30,291"},{"text":"Errors and passed balls","correct":true,"count":"30,905"}]
"text":"One","correct":false,"count":"13,944"},{"text":"Zero","correct":true,"count":"12,248"},{"text":"Two","correct":false,"count":"7,013"}]
"text":"Brewers","correct":false,"count":"4,005"},{"text":"Astros","correct":false,"count":"1,392"},{"text":"Dodgers","correct":true,"count":"8,579"}]
"text":"Pac-12","correct":true,"count":"5,526"},{"text":"Big 12","correct":false,"count":"2,037"},{"text":"Big Ten","correct":false,"count":"956"}]
"text":"NHL hockey","correct":false,"count":"94"},{"text":"NFL football","correct":false,"count":"348"},{"text":"FIFA soccer","correct":true,"count":"5,571"}]
"text":"Neymar","correct":true,"count":"2,531"},{"text":"Cristiano Ronaldo","correct":false,"count":"2,356"},{"text":"Lionel Messi","correct":false,"count":"739"}]
"text":"Hurricanes","correct":false,"count":"748"},{"text":"Sharks","correct":true,"count":"489"},{"text":"Predators","correct":false,"count":"1,918"}]
"text":"David Duval","correct":true,"count":"721"},{"text":"Phil Mickelson","correct":false,"count":"144"},{"text":"Tiger Woods","correct":false,"count":"282"}]
"text":"Zephyrs","correct":false,"count":"112"},{"text":"Olympians","correct":true,"count":"446"},{"text":"Stags","correct":false,"count":"205"}]
"text":"Wide receiver","correct":false,"count":"121"},{"text":"Running back","correct":false,"count":"118"},{"text":"Tight end","correct":true,"count":"249"}]
"text":"Cap’n Crunch","correct":false,"count":"2,277"},{"text":"Captain America","correct":true,"count":"374,663"},{"text":"Captain Picard","correct":false,"count":"3,620"}]
"text":"Frankenstein","correct":false,"count":"3,453"},{"text":"Mummy","correct":true,"count":"362,125"},{"text":"Dracula","correct":false,"count":"2,934"}]
"text":"Berlin","correct":true,"count":"345,514"},{"text":"Moscow","correct":false,"count":"7,406"},{"text":"Stockholm","correct":false,"count":"2,229"}]
"text":"Gouda","correct":false,"count":"31,515"},{"text":"Feta","correct":true,"count":"306,210"},{"text":"Mozzarella","correct":false,"count":"5,338"}]
"text":"Scattergories","correct":true,"count":"189,881"},{"text":"Taboo","correct":false,"count":"76,474"},{"text":"Bananagrams","correct":false,"count":"33,659"}]
"text":"Tangerine","correct":false,"count":"11,516"},{"text":"Orange","correct":true,"count":"30,029"},{"text":"Grapefruit","correct":false,"count":"153,839"}]
"text":"Neptune","correct":false,"count":"6,767"},{"text":"Saturn","correct":false,"count":"14,218"},{"text":"Jupiter","correct":true,"count":"27,513"}]
"text":"Rihanna","correct":false,"count":"7,680"},{"text":"Nicki Minaj","correct":true,"count":"12,528"},{"text":"Gwen Stefani","correct":false,"count":"10,153"}]
"text":"Organdy","correct":true,"count":"3,272"},{"text":"Taffeta","correct":false,"count":"9,201"},{"text":"Velveteen","correct":false,"count":"2,659"}]
"text":"Difference","correct":false,"count":"733"},{"text":"Sleep","correct":true,"count":"3,023"},{"text":"Nevermore","correct":false,"count":"1,321"}]
"text":"England","correct":false,"count":"527"},{"text":"Argentina","correct":true,"count":"1,711"},{"text":"Australia","correct":false,"count":"963"}]
"text":"Stout beer","correct":false,"count":"1,140"},{"text":"Water","correct":true,"count":"205,824"},{"text":"Heavy whipping cream","correct":false,"count":"644"}]
"text":"Bat-shaped blimps","correct":false,"count":"2,162"},{"text":"Floating coffins","correct":false,"count":"2,017"},{"text":"Flying saucers","correct":true,"count":"198,182"}]
"text":"Slaws","correct":false,"count":"21,460"},{"text":"Talons","correct":false,"count":"100,725"},{"text":"Clause","correct":true,"count":"72,363"}]
"text":"Calzones","correct":false,"count":"8,741"},{"text":"Croissants","correct":false,"count":"42,987"},{"text":"Pancakes","correct":true,"count":"26,672"}]
"text":"Veruca Salt","correct":false,"count":"8,322"},{"text":"Violet Beauregarde","correct":false,"count":"8,355"},{"text":"Mike Teevee","correct":true,"count":"10,715"}]
"text":"Maya Angelou","correct":false,"count":"5,612"},{"text":"Toni Morrison","correct":true,"count":"4,991"},{"text":"Gwendolyn Brooks","correct":false,"count":"2,221"}]
"text":"Boogeyman","correct":false,"count":"1,014"},{"text":"Prank","correct":false,"count":"942"},{"text":"Jack-o'-lantern","correct":true,"count":"3,767"}]
"text":"Played her own evil twin","correct":false,"count":"1,762"},{"text":"Faked a feud with Ellen","correct":false,"count":"802"},{"text":"Pretended to have rabies","correct":true,"count":"1,241"}]
"text":"The Velvet Underground","correct":false,"count":"235"},{"text":"Talking Heads","correct":true,"count":"1,194"},{"text":"The Rolling Stones","correct":false,"count":"158"}]
"text":"Lion","correct":false,"count":"109"},{"text":"Elephant","correct":true,"count":"1,096"},{"text":"Chimpanzee","correct":false,"count":"54"}]
"text":"Emma Thompson","correct":false,"count":"148"},{"text":"Vanessa Redgrave","correct":true,"count":"356"},{"text":"Joan Collins","correct":false,"count":"600"}]
"text":"Tears of a Clown","correct":false,"count":"112"},{"text":"Peggy Sue","correct":false,"count":"196"},{"text":"It’s Too Late","correct":true,"count":"163"}]
"text":"Mitch and Murray","correct":false,"count":"24,854"},{"text":"Dunder Mifflin","correct":true,"count":"627,738"},{"text":"The Parks Department","correct":false,"count":"35,528"}]
"text":"Kevin Malone","correct":false,"count":"29,877"},{"text":"Andy Bernard","correct":true,"count":"490,478"},{"text":"Jan Levinson-Gould","correct":false,"count":"93,667"}]
"text":"Glue googly eyes on it","correct":false,"count":"14,474"},{"text":"Melt it in the microwave","correct":false,"count":"4,037"},{"text":"Put it in jello","correct":true,"count":"480,985"}]
"text":"Threat Level: Midnight","correct":true,"count":"419,197"},{"text":"What’s Updog","correct":false,"count":"42,302"},{"text":"Scott’s Tots","correct":false,"count":"17,561"}]
"text":"Pam falls asleep on him","correct":true,"count":"388,141"},{"text":"He first pranks Michael","correct":false,"count":"10,132"},{"text":"He starts at Stamford","correct":false,"count":"21,396"}]
"text":"Cassette tape","correct":false,"count":"36,547"},{"text":"Hot sauce","correct":false,"count":"95,151"},{"text":"Watercolors","correct":true,"count":"253,154"}]
"text":"Angela Kinsey","correct":false,"count":"75,132"},{"text":"Dwight Schrute","correct":false,"count":"53,592"},{"text":"Darryl Philbin","correct":true,"count":"136,845"}]
"text":"I feel very blessed","correct":true,"count":"116,783"},{"text":"I just like driving","correct":false,"count":"10,434"},{"text":"I love everyone","correct":false,"count":"36,091"}]
"text":"Creed Bratton","correct":true,"count":"99,918"},{"text":"Andy Bernard","correct":false,"count":"15,963"},{"text":"Pam Beesly","correct":false,"count":"5,027"}]
"text":"Toby Flenderson","correct":true,"count":"67,165"},{"text":"Gabe Lewis","correct":false,"count":"21,441"},{"text":"Holly Flax","correct":false,"count":"12,260"}]
"text":"Ancho chiles","correct":false,"count":"6,948"},{"text":"Onion","correct":false,"count":"6,938"},{"text":"Smoked beef","correct":true,"count":"58,592"}]
"text":"Mick Jagger","correct":true,"count":"287,883"},{"text":"Rodney Dangerfield","correct":false,"count":"9,621"},{"text":"Muhammad Ali","correct":false,"count":"1,413"}]
"text":"Doughnut","correct":true,"count":"275,656"},{"text":"French onion soup","correct":false,"count":"1,218"},{"text":"Lobster tails","correct":false,"count":"740"}]
"text":"Hockey","correct":false,"count":"64,113"},{"text":"Baseball","correct":true,"count":"186,377"},{"text":"Football","correct":false,"count":"17,501"}]
"text":"Quotation marks","correct":false,"count":"6,944"},{"text":"Circle","correct":true,"count":"175,938"},{"text":"Cross","correct":false,"count":"3,014"}]
"text":"Ronald Reagan","correct":false,"count":"68,429"},{"text":"Bill Clinton","correct":false,"count":"19,698"},{"text":"George HW Bush","correct":true,"count":"81,562"}]
"text":"AirPods","correct":true,"count":"50,214"},{"text":"AirBuds","correct":false,"count":"27,061"},{"text":"EarPods","correct":false,"count":"10,455"}]
"text":"Brighton Beach Memoirs","correct":false,"count":"14,276"},{"text":"Lost in Yonkers","correct":true,"count":"17,610"},{"text":"The Goodbye Girl","correct":false,"count":"21,895"}]
"text":"California","correct":false,"count":"3,171"},{"text":"Florida","correct":true,"count":"9,022"},{"text":"Tennessee","correct":false,"count":"9,617"}]
"text":"Dual","correct":false,"count":"1,659"},{"text":"Duel","correct":false,"count":"2,773"},{"text":"Defense","correct":true,"count":"6,237"}]
"text":"Fimbriation","correct":false,"count":"588"},{"text":"Charge","correct":false,"count":"937"},{"text":"Canton","correct":true,"count":"5,135"}]
"text":"Encyclopedia Britannica","correct":false,"count":"2,971"},{"text":"Plato’s Republic","correct":false,"count":"1,217"},{"text":"The Bell Jar","correct":true,"count":"1,171"}]
"text":"Frosty’s Revenge","correct":false,"count":"2,318"},{"text":"Snowy Surprise","correct":false,"count":"2,254"},{"text":"Avalanche","correct":true,"count":"296,072"}]
"text":"Queen","correct":true,"count":"292,463"},{"text":"Duke Ellington","correct":false,"count":"735"},{"text":"Earl of Sandwich","correct":false,"count":"257"}]
"text":"Elbow macaroni","correct":true,"count":"271,182"},{"text":"Toe fettuccine","correct":false,"count":"7,207"},{"text":"Kneecap linguini","correct":false,"count":"5,729"}]
"text":"Emma","correct":false,"count":"12,649"},{"text":"Sense and Sensibility","correct":false,"count":"47,614"},{"text":"Pride and Prejudice","correct":true,"count":"208,552"}]
"text":"Nail polish remover","correct":true,"count":"207,869"},{"text":"Toothpaste","correct":false,"count":"2,440"},{"text":"Shampoo","correct":false,"count":"924"}]
"text":"Exceptionally hot","correct":false,"count":"57,983"},{"text":"Only during the daytime","correct":false,"count":"64,328"},{"text":"Very far away","correct":true,"count":"66,097"}]
"text":"The Osbournes","correct":true,"count":"37,585"},{"text":"The Simple Life","correct":false,"count":"20,095"},{"text":"Newlyweds Nick & Jessica","correct":false,"count":"20,432"}]
"text":"Eli Manning","correct":false,"count":"4,554"},{"text":"Tom Brady","correct":false,"count":"23,894"},{"text":"Dak Prescott","correct":true,"count":"13,084"}]
"text":"Slothee","correct":true,"count":"7,406"},{"text":"Tacodile","correct":false,"count":"4,067"},{"text":"Hippotatomus","correct":false,"count":"4,678"}]
"text":"Henri Matisse","correct":true,"count":"2,726"},{"text":"Pablo Picasso","correct":false,"count":"4,678"},{"text":"Leonardo da Vinci","correct":false,"count":"1,753"}]
"text":"Stella McCartney","correct":false,"count":"891"},{"text":"Jil Sander","correct":true,"count":"981"},{"text":"Isabel Marant","correct":false,"count":"2,037"}]
"text":"On Instagram","correct":false,"count":"2,564"},{"text":"At the DMV","correct":false,"count":"3,948"},{"text":"In a shoe","correct":true,"count":"566,041"}]
"text":"Goalkeeper","correct":false,"count":"7,637"},{"text":"Point guard","correct":true,"count":"546,947"},{"text":"Starting pitcher","correct":false,"count":"6,213"}]
"text":"Armadillo","correct":false,"count":"4,162"},{"text":"Meerkat","correct":false,"count":"5,556"},{"text":"Deer","correct":true,"count":"533,732"}]
"text":"Comma","correct":true,"count":"396,675"},{"text":"Dash","correct":false,"count":"78,930"},{"text":"Hyphen","correct":false,"count":"53,228"}]
"text":"FOX","correct":false,"count":"52,429"},{"text":"TBS","correct":false,"count":"21,831"},{"text":"ABC","correct":true,"count":"337,605"}]
"text":"Behind the knee","correct":false,"count":"23,556"},{"text":"Shoulder blade","correct":true,"count":"296,500"},{"text":"Inner elbow","correct":false,"count":"23,881"}]
"text":"Providence","correct":true,"count":"121,459"},{"text":"Boston","correct":false,"count":"95,347"},{"text":"Harrisburg","correct":false,"count":"80,376"}]
"text":"Horse","correct":false,"count":"28,009"},{"text":"Goat","correct":true,"count":"64,593"},{"text":"Rat","correct":false,"count":"64,166"}]
"text":"John F. Kennedy","correct":false,"count":"13,610"},{"text":"Gerald Ford","correct":true,"count":"38,748"},{"text":"George W. Bush","correct":false,"count":"28,476"}]
"text":"Southeast","correct":true,"count":"9,130"},{"text":"Southwest","correct":false,"count":"18,724"},{"text":"Northwest","correct":false,"count":"11,547"}]
"text":"August","correct":false,"count":"2,730"},{"text":"September","correct":true,"count":"5,445"},{"text":"May","correct":false,"count":"5,638"}]
"text":"Stew","correct":false,"count":"764"},{"text":"Bisque","correct":true,"count":"5,033"},{"text":"Chowder","correct":false,"count":"546"}]
"text":"Weather","correct":false,"count":"1,403"},{"text":"Marriage","correct":true,"count":"1,296"},{"text":"War","correct":false,"count":"2,430"}]
"text":"Robert de Niro","correct":false,"count":"395"},{"text":"John Travolta","correct":true,"count":"882"},{"text":"Jack Nicholson","correct":false,"count":"342"}]
"text":"Troubling Love","correct":true,"count":"151"},{"text":"My Brilliant Friend","correct":false,"count":"330"},{"text":"The Days of Abandonment","correct":false,"count":"425"}]
"text":"Elliott","correct":true,"count":"475,754"},{"text":"Gritty","correct":false,"count":"2,474"},{"text":"Wall-E","correct":false,"count":"6,881"}]
"text":"Fyre Festival","correct":false,"count":"43,326"},{"text":"Ebbing, Missouri","correct":true,"count":"389,546"},{"text":"Addams Family Mansion","correct":false,"count":"30,916"}]
"text":"Live Free or Die Hard","correct":false,"count":"15,500"},{"text":"Back in the Habit","correct":true,"count":"343,679"},{"text":"A Good Day to Die Hard","correct":false,"count":"28,894"}]
"text":"Green Lantern","correct":true,"count":"327,239"},{"text":"Superman","correct":false,"count":"6,681"},{"text":"The Hulk","correct":false,"count":"9,911"}]
"text":"The Princess Diaries","correct":false,"count":"29,176"},{"text":"The Princess Bride","correct":true,"count":"228,456"},{"text":"A Little Princess","correct":false,"count":"68,773"}]
"text":"Lincoln","correct":false,"count":"67,661"},{"text":"There Will Be Blood","correct":true,"count":"131,199"},{"text":"Phantom Thread","correct":false,"count":"35,969"}]
"text":"Pierce Brosnan","correct":true,"count":"89,793"},{"text":"Stellan Skarsgard","correct":false,"count":"13,282"},{"text":"Colin Firth","correct":false,"count":"39,001"}]
"text":"Christopher Mintz-Plasse","correct":true,"count":"18,666"},{"text":"Michael Cera","correct":false,"count":"62,174"},{"text":"Bill Hader","correct":false,"count":"15,632"}]
"text":"Frances Ha","correct":false,"count":"6,002"},{"text":"I, Tonya","correct":true,"count":"9,671"},{"text":"Little Miss Sunshine","correct":false,"count":"16,077"}]
"text":"Carrie Fisher","correct":true,"count":"5,753"},{"text":"Kevin Smith","correct":false,"count":"4,720"},{"text":"Quentin Tarantino","correct":false,"count":"1,877"}]
"text":"Nathan","correct":false,"count":"841"},{"text":"Caleb","correct":false,"count":"1,412"},{"text":"Ava","correct":true,"count":"4,040"}]
"text":"Stars and stripes","correct":true,"count":"215,393"},{"text":"Pork and beans","correct":false,"count":"854"},{"text":"Hall and Oates","correct":false,"count":"630"}]
"text":"A positive number","correct":true,"count":"210,907"},{"text":"Dogs itchy","correct":false,"count":"332"},{"text":"No sense","correct":false,"count":"1,012"}]
"text":"Gossiping","correct":true,"count":"203,409"},{"text":"Tanning","correct":false,"count":"2,194"},{"text":"Laundry","correct":false,"count":"1,571"}]
"text":"Rihanna","correct":false,"count":"56,297"},{"text":"Cardi B","correct":true,"count":"99,907"},{"text":"Taylor Swift","correct":false,"count":"42,812"}]
"text":"Dragon tree","correct":false,"count":"24,871"},{"text":"Fiddle leaf fig","correct":false,"count":"6,600"},{"text":"Bird of paradise","correct":true,"count":"70,319"}]
"text":"Turn into foam","correct":true,"count":"22,076"},{"text":"Marry a merman","correct":false,"count":"6,804"},{"text":"Marry the human prince","correct":false,"count":"40,423"}]
"text":"IBM","correct":true,"count":"22,223"},{"text":"Dell","correct":false,"count":"1,671"},{"text":"Apple","correct":false,"count":"728"}]
"text":"Practice driving","correct":true,"count":"3,957"},{"text":"Test carbon levels","correct":false,"count":"4,429"},{"text":"Load up on calories","correct":false,"count":"3,748"}]
"text":"Texas","correct":false,"count":"1,966"},{"text":"Nevada","correct":false,"count":"1,692"},{"text":"Florida","correct":true,"count":"1,484"}]
"text":"Meryl Streep","correct":false,"count":"477"},{"text":"Kathy Bates","correct":false,"count":"186"},{"text":"Jamie Lee Curtis","correct":true,"count":"1,229"}]
"text":"Katy Perry","correct":false,"count":"216"},{"text":"Ed Sheeran","correct":false,"count":"691"},{"text":"Justin Bieber","correct":true,"count":"374"}]
"text":"Solid-gold baseball cap","correct":false,"count":"8,202"},{"text":"Ring","correct":true,"count":"196,236"},{"text":"Man-sized burrito","correct":false,"count":"731"}]
"text":"Pirates","correct":false,"count":"11,537"},{"text":"Cubs","correct":false,"count":"5,024"},{"text":"Phillies","correct":true,"count":"174,257"}]
"text":"Right field","correct":false,"count":"1,432"},{"text":"Short stop","correct":false,"count":"23,531"},{"text":"First base","correct":true,"count":"146,321"}]
"text":"Arizona","correct":false,"count":"14,324"},{"text":"Florida","correct":false,"count":"9,034"},{"text":"Texas","correct":true,"count":"122,189"}]
"text":"Joey Votto","correct":false,"count":"19,575"},{"text":"Mike Trout","correct":false,"count":"45,192"},{"text":"Miguel Cabrera","correct":true,"count":"54,779"}]
"text":"Steve Garvey","correct":true,"count":"21,620"},{"text":"Lou Gehrig","correct":false,"count":"19,968"},{"text":"Stan Musial","correct":false,"count":"20,473"}]
"text":"Randy Johnson","correct":false,"count":"7,064"},{"text":"Frank Robinson","correct":true,"count":"7,941"},{"text":"Nolan Ryan","correct":false,"count":"10,205"}]
"text":"Mets","correct":false,"count":"3,523"},{"text":"Cardinals","correct":true,"count":"2,738"},{"text":"Marlins","correct":false,"count":"3,487"}]
"text":"Stolen bases","correct":false,"count":"1,580"},{"text":"Highest batting average","correct":false,"count":"1,110"},{"text":"Most RBIs","correct":true,"count":"989"}]
"text":"Ty Cobb","correct":false,"count":"883"},{"text":"Joe Morgan","correct":false,"count":"171"},{"text":"Billy Hamilton","correct":true,"count":"228"}]
"text":"The Georgia Peach","correct":false,"count":"63"},{"text":"Widowmaker","correct":false,"count":"77"},{"text":"Peanut","correct":true,"count":"227"}]
"text":"Philadelphia","correct":false,"count":"103"},{"text":"Chicago","correct":true,"count":"80"},{"text":"New York","correct":false,"count":"50"}]
"text":"Underhand pitching","correct":true,"count":"53"},{"text":"Four outfielders","correct":false,"count":"10"},{"text":"Spike-less shoes","correct":false,"count":"24"}]
"text":"Profanity-laced pep talk","correct":true,"count":"27"},{"text":"Taking player wagers","correct":false,"count":"10"},{"text":"Eating fried chicken","correct":false,"count":"20"}]
"text":"Seven","correct":false,"count":"1"},{"text":"Eight","correct":true,"count":"25"},{"text":"Five","correct":false,"count":"3"}]
"text":"Vogue","correct":true,"count":"384,591"},{"text":"Popular Mechanics","correct":false,"count":"1,391"},{"text":"Sports Illustrated","correct":false,"count":"1,262"}]
"text":"Limb flashback","correct":false,"count":"6,319"},{"text":"Skeletal secrets","correct":false,"count":"3,730"},{"text":"Muscle memory","correct":true,"count":"363,609"}]
"text":"Stir fry","correct":false,"count":"212,614"},{"text":"Dry smoking","correct":false,"count":"3,549"},{"text":"Hot pot","correct":true,"count":"139,143"}]
"text":"Property tax","correct":false,"count":"664"},{"text":"Sales tax","correct":false,"count":"2,386"},{"text":"Income tax","correct":true,"count":"143,981"}]
"text":"Christopher Walken","correct":false,"count":"44,178"},{"text":"Alec Baldwin","correct":false,"count":"32,252"},{"text":"Tom Hanks","correct":true,"count":"65,439"}]
"text":"Garnet","correct":true,"count":"58,438"},{"text":"Mica","correct":false,"count":"3,837"},{"text":"Zirconium","correct":false,"count":"7,064"}]
"text":"Live and Let Die","correct":false,"count":"26,471"},{"text":"For Your Eyes Only","correct":false,"count":"5,001"},{"text":"The World is Not Enough","correct":true,"count":"27,020"}]
"text":"Rosenberg","correct":false,"count":"3,383"},{"text":"Harold","correct":false,"count":"5,549"},{"text":"Kumar","correct":true,"count":"21,113"}]
"text":"Alaska","correct":false,"count":"2,615"},{"text":"China","correct":false,"count":"6,265"},{"text":"Antarctica","correct":true,"count":"13,094"}]
"text":"Joan of Arc","correct":false,"count":"7,298"},{"text":"Cleopatra","correct":true,"count":"4,107"},{"text":"Marie Antoinette","correct":false,"count":"3,007"}]
"text":"Magic wand","correct":false,"count":"940"},{"text":"Tennis racket","correct":false,"count":"1,194"},{"text":"Fly swatter","correct":true,"count":"4,060"}]
"text":"Cookie","correct":true,"count":"402,277"},{"text":"Xylophone","correct":false,"count":"2,634"},{"text":"Zebra","correct":false,"count":"7,750"}]
"text":"Snakes and Ladders","correct":true,"count":"330,527"},{"text":"Cats and Pajamas","correct":false,"count":"27,809"},{"text":"Worms and Cans","correct":false,"count":"27,539"}]
"text":"Baseball","correct":true,"count":"263,889"},{"text":"Hockey","correct":false,"count":"34,630"},{"text":"Football","correct":false,"count":"30,045"}]
"text":"Franklin D. Roosevelt","correct":true,"count":"207,373"},{"text":"Dwight D. Eisenhower","correct":false,"count":"33,573"},{"text":"Harry S. Truman","correct":false,"count":"24,623"}]
"text":"Lanternfish","correct":true,"count":"150,147"},{"text":"Blue whale","correct":false,"count":"11,219"},{"text":"Giant octopus","correct":false,"count":"47,204"}]
"text":"Peach Melba","correct":true,"count":"95,327"},{"text":"Cherries Jubilee","correct":false,"count":"31,719"},{"text":"Bananas Foster","correct":false,"count":"22,286"}]
"text":"Gift Drop","correct":false,"count":"13,519"},{"text":"White Elephant Swap","correct":false,"count":"13,230"},{"text":"Marshmallow Test","correct":true,"count":"68,643"}]
"text":"Dougie","correct":true,"count":"43,998"},{"text":"Dab","correct":false,"count":"4,995"},{"text":"Gangnam style","correct":false,"count":"22,572"}]
"text":"Arm","correct":true,"count":"25,001"},{"text":"Torso","correct":false,"count":"11,942"},{"text":"Lower leg","correct":false,"count":"10,424"}]
"text":"US Open","correct":false,"count":"6,145"},{"text":"French Open","correct":true,"count":"13,906"},{"text":"Australian Open","correct":false,"count":"8,820"}]
"text":"Scientist","correct":true,"count":"9,779"},{"text":"President","correct":false,"count":"3,791"},{"text":"Athlete","correct":false,"count":"2,581"}]
"text":"Play","correct":true,"count":"196,052"},{"text":"Trade stocks online","correct":false,"count":"817"},{"text":"Get a job","correct":false,"count":"792"}]
"text":"Temple","correct":true,"count":"192,268"},{"text":"Big Momma’s House","correct":false,"count":"1,028"},{"text":"Fuller House","correct":false,"count":"510"}]
"text":"Air-conditioned office","correct":false,"count":"4,009"},{"text":"Deli freezer section","correct":false,"count":"3,760"},{"text":"Desert","correct":true,"count":"180,777"}]
"text":"Van Halen","correct":false,"count":"60,085"},{"text":"Nirvana","correct":false,"count":"41,809"},{"text":"Led Zeppelin","correct":true,"count":"70,589"}]
"text":"Knight","correct":true,"count":"54,495"},{"text":"Rook","correct":false,"count":"10,861"},{"text":"Bishop","correct":false,"count":"8,394"}]
"text":"Play","correct":false,"count":"7,827"},{"text":"Poem","correct":false,"count":"11,648"},{"text":"Novel","correct":true,"count":"35,543"}]
"text":"Riff-Raff","correct":false,"count":"3,855"},{"text":"Femur","correct":false,"count":"7,460"},{"text":"Zero","correct":true,"count":"24,679"}]
"text":"Upward-facing dog","correct":true,"count":"7,121"},{"text":"Fish pose","correct":false,"count":"2,724"},{"text":"Downward-facing dog","correct":false,"count":"14,322"}]
"text":"Margaret Atwood","correct":false,"count":"876"},{"text":"James Patterson","correct":false,"count":"1,947"},{"text":"Stephen King","correct":true,"count":"7,052"}]
"text":"Rijksmuseum","correct":true,"count":"4,163"},{"text":"The Louvre","correct":false,"count":"1,967"},{"text":"Tate Modern","correct":false,"count":"1,078"}]
"text":"John","correct":false,"count":"1,716"},{"text":"Paul","correct":true,"count":"2,180"},{"text":"Moses","correct":false,"count":"741"}]
"text":"Fright Night","correct":false,"count":"382"},{"text":"The Lost Boys","correct":true,"count":"1,395"},{"text":"From Dusk Till Dawn","correct":false,"count":"701"}]
"text":"An American Workplace","correct":true,"count":"511,896"},{"text":"Modern Friendship","correct":false,"count":"21,544"},{"text":"Business Lessons","correct":false,"count":"33,501"}]
"text":"Erin Hannon","correct":true,"count":"290,265"},{"text":"Kevin Malone","correct":false,"count":"65,859"},{"text":"Oscar Martinez","correct":false,"count":"62,587"}]
"text":"The Bog","correct":false,"count":"9,619"},{"text":"Poor Richard’s","correct":true,"count":"270,346"},{"text":"Ale Mary’s","correct":false,"count":"15,828"}]
"text":"Old co-worker","correct":false,"count":"13,613"},{"text":"Place of conception","correct":false,"count":"11,287"},{"text":"Pam’s grandma","correct":true,"count":"243,834"}]
"text":"Irrigation","correct":false,"count":"12,455"},{"text":"Nighttime","correct":false,"count":"72,872"},{"text":"Obedience","correct":true,"count":"159,032"}]
"text":"Urethra Franklin","correct":false,"count":"26,068"},{"text":"Trivia Newton John","correct":false,"count":"81,551"},{"text":"Ladies Gaga","correct":true,"count":"56,324"}]
"text":"Bruce Springsteen","correct":false,"count":"40,543"},{"text":"U2","correct":false,"count":"8,033"},{"text":"Counting Crows","correct":true,"count":"26,576"}]
"text":"Michael Scotch","correct":true,"count":"24,063"},{"text":"Michael Scarn","correct":false,"count":"5,038"},{"text":"D-Money","correct":false,"count":"3,311"}]
"text":"Hardy","correct":false,"count":"1,140"},{"text":"Colonel Meow","correct":false,"count":"10,033"},{"text":"Philip","correct":true,"count":"13,647"}]
"text":"Million Dollar Baby","correct":false,"count":"1,960"},{"text":"Terms of Endearment","correct":true,"count":"9,812"},{"text":"The Lion King","correct":false,"count":"3,204"}]
"text":"Robert California","correct":false,"count":"1,285"},{"text":"Dwight","correct":false,"count":"6,166"},{"text":"Creed","correct":true,"count":"2,780"}]
"text":"Michael gives him ulcers","correct":true,"count":"2,368"},{"text":"Michael deserves exile","correct":false,"count":"593"},{"text":"Michael is not a human","correct":false,"count":"878"}]
"text":"Sprinkles","correct":false,"count":"247"},{"text":"Gummy bears","correct":true,"count":"1,926"},{"text":"Marshmallows","correct":false,"count":"328"}]
"text":"Highway","correct":true,"count":"303,438"},{"text":"Fly spray","correct":false,"count":"2,288"},{"text":"Pie tray","correct":false,"count":"1,309"}]
"text":"The worst of times","correct":false,"count":"43,261"},{"text":"The most humid of times","correct":true,"count":"174,285"},{"text":"The best of times","correct":false,"count":"64,615"}]
"text":"Abraham Lincoln","correct":true,"count":"104,791"},{"text":"Franklin D. Roosevelt","correct":false,"count":"53,256"},{"text":"George Washington","correct":false,"count":"18,440"}]
"text":"Reptile","correct":false,"count":"3,154"},{"text":"Bird","correct":false,"count":"10,426"},{"text":"Mammal","correct":true,"count":"95,238"}]
"text":"Staff","correct":true,"count":"83,512"},{"text":"Crew","correct":false,"count":"3,757"},{"text":"Measure","correct":false,"count":"7,885"}]
"text":"Memphis","correct":false,"count":"14,132"},{"text":"Milwaukee","correct":true,"count":"58,234"},{"text":"Charlotte","correct":false,"count":"10,151"}]
"text":"Gloucestershire","correct":false,"count":"14,724"},{"text":"Worcestershire","correct":true,"count":"32,398"},{"text":"Leicestershire","correct":false,"count":"12,788"}]
"text":"Buffing","correct":true,"count":"25,302"},{"text":"Brassing","correct":false,"count":"5,360"},{"text":"Buckling","correct":false,"count":"4,559"}]
"text":"Jason Lee","correct":true,"count":"11,446"},{"text":"Frank Zappa","correct":false,"count":"8,301"},{"text":"Penn Jillette","correct":false,"count":"6,847"}]
"text":"Jupiter Jack","correct":true,"count":"9,810"},{"text":"Slapchop","correct":false,"count":"1,801"},{"text":"Shamwow!","correct":false,"count":"2,437"}]
"text":"Iceland","correct":true,"count":"2,214"},{"text":"Ireland","correct":false,"count":"5,121"},{"text":"Indonesia","correct":false,"count":"3,133"}]
"text":"Champagne","correct":true,"count":"308,000"},{"text":"Pinot noir","correct":false,"count":"3,323"},{"text":"Zinfandel","correct":false,"count":"5,169"}]
"text":"Romanesque","correct":true,"count":"239,405"},{"text":"Tudor","correct":false,"count":"35,652"},{"text":"Greek Revival","correct":false,"count":"22,369"}]
"text":"GSN","correct":false,"count":"12,844"},{"text":"HGTV","correct":false,"count":"13,156"},{"text":"PBS","correct":true,"count":"213,269"}]
"text":"The Pickwick Papers","correct":true,"count":"76,048"},{"text":"Wuthering Heights","correct":false,"count":"93,171"},{"text":"Moby-Dick","correct":false,"count":"43,242"}]
"text":"Arkansas","correct":false,"count":"22,213"},{"text":"Alabama","correct":true,"count":"50,357"},{"text":"Arizona","correct":false,"count":"8,390"}]
"text":"Disco Inferno","correct":false,"count":"8,947"},{"text":"Staying Alive","correct":true,"count":"38,883"},{"text":"One More Saturday Night","correct":false,"count":"4,603"}]
"text":"Brine shrimp","correct":true,"count":"33,045"},{"text":"Dwarf crayfish","correct":false,"count":"2,959"},{"text":"Plankton","correct":false,"count":"3,818"}]
"text":"Protons","correct":false,"count":"7,788"},{"text":"Electrons","correct":false,"count":"13,119"},{"text":"Neutrons","correct":true,"count":"12,072"}]
"text":"Massachusetts","correct":false,"count":"4,684"},{"text":"Vermont","correct":false,"count":"4,073"},{"text":"Minnesota","correct":true,"count":"7,271"}]
"text":"Painters","correct":false,"count":"3,678"},{"text":"Talk show hosts","correct":false,"count":"1,156"},{"text":"Musicians","correct":true,"count":"3,711"}]
"text":"Kitchen island","correct":false,"count":"2,248"},{"text":"Walk-in closet","correct":false,"count":"2,964"},{"text":"Carpet","correct":true,"count":"795,234"}]
"text":"Blueberry matcha muffin","correct":false,"count":"5,648"},{"text":"Spaghetti","correct":true,"count":"777,081"},{"text":"Pumpkin spice nest soup","correct":false,"count":"6,328"}]
"text":"Circle of Life","correct":false,"count":"27,143"},{"text":"Be Our Guest","correct":false,"count":"16,454"},{"text":"Part of Your World","correct":true,"count":"727,718"}]
"text":"Finding Nemo","correct":false,"count":"4,376"},{"text":"The Rescuers Down Under","correct":false,"count":"35,405"},{"text":"Lilo & Stitch","correct":true,"count":"687,228"}]
"text":"Mulan","correct":true,"count":"667,843"},{"text":"Jasmine","correct":false,"count":"6,970"},{"text":"Aurora","correct":false,"count":"14,112"}]
"text":"Llama","correct":true,"count":"613,373"},{"text":"Lion","correct":false,"count":"9,973"},{"text":"Donkey","correct":false,"count":"44,042"}]
"text":"Tangled","correct":false,"count":"294,234"},{"text":"Frozen","correct":true,"count":"259,362"},{"text":"Chicken Little","correct":false,"count":"53,342"}]
"text":"Hyenas","correct":false,"count":"34,973"},{"text":"Zebras","correct":true,"count":"154,722"},{"text":"Giraffes","correct":false,"count":"126,755"}]
"text":"Chandelier earrings","correct":false,"count":"25,787"},{"text":"Bangles","correct":false,"count":"6,003"},{"text":"Choker","correct":true,"count":"149,852"}]
"text":"Clown","correct":false,"count":"16,711"},{"text":"Ventriloquist dummy","correct":true,"count":"92,115"},{"text":"Jack-in-the-box","correct":false,"count":"43,887"}]
"text":"Banyan","correct":false,"count":"23,768"},{"text":"Paw paw","correct":true,"count":"51,556"},{"text":"Baobab","correct":false,"count":"25,008"}]
"text":"Royal wedding","correct":false,"count":"22,516"},{"text":"Queen’s anniversary","correct":true,"count":"33,318"},{"text":"Easter","correct":false,"count":"1,862"}]
"text":"Sven the reindeer","correct":true,"count":"14,753"},{"text":"Kristoff the iceman","correct":false,"count":"15,133"},{"text":"Olaf the snowman","correct":false,"count":"6,113"}]
"text":"Princess and the Frog","correct":true,"count":"10,336"},{"text":"Aladdin","correct":false,"count":"4,264"},{"text":"Pocahontas","correct":false,"count":"2,570"}]
"text":"Stubbed toe","correct":false,"count":"4,634"},{"text":"Quiet child","correct":true,"count":"5,266"},{"text":"Bankruptcy","correct":false,"count":"874"}]
"text":"Robin Hood","correct":false,"count":"1,607"},{"text":"The AristoCats","correct":false,"count":"1,052"},{"text":"The Sword in the Stone","correct":true,"count":"2,554"}]
"text":"Marvin Mouse","correct":false,"count":"137"},{"text":"Marty Mouse","correct":false,"count":"183"},{"text":"Mortimer Mouse","correct":true,"count":"2,228"}]
"text":"Whistle","correct":false,"count":"542"},{"text":"Cowbell","correct":true,"count":"428"},{"text":"Bongo","correct":false,"count":"1,237"}]
"text":"Doctor","correct":true,"count":"331"},{"text":"Bookseller","correct":false,"count":"42"},{"text":"Barber","correct":false,"count":"51"}]
"text":"Purple peacocks","correct":false,"count":"29"},{"text":"Persian monkeys","correct":false,"count":"35"},{"text":"Playful parakeets","correct":true,"count":"258"}]
"text":"Magician","correct":false,"count":"18"},{"text":"Day and night","correct":false,"count":"26"},{"text":"Game of chess","correct":true,"count":"212"}]
"text":"Mickey / Minnie Mouse","correct":true,"count":"131"},{"text":"Daisy / Donald Duck","correct":false,"count":"66"},{"text":"Thumper / Miss Bunny","correct":false,"count":"11"}]
"text":"Younger sibling","correct":false,"count":"1,619"},{"text":"Kneecap","correct":true,"count":"104,799"},{"text":"Louisville slugger","correct":false,"count":"2,923"}]
"text":"Slowdown sheet","correct":false,"count":"3,985"},{"text":"Restrictor plate","correct":true,"count":"75,151"},{"text":"Deceleration dish","correct":false,"count":"10,611"}]
"text":"October","correct":false,"count":"33,507"},{"text":"April","correct":false,"count":"20,065"},{"text":"December","correct":true,"count":"19,398"}]
"text":"NBA","correct":false,"count":"3,583"},{"text":"NFL","correct":true,"count":"16,670"},{"text":"MLB","correct":false,"count":"1,114"}]
"text":"Blake Griffin","correct":false,"count":"3,105"},{"text":"James Harden","correct":true,"count":"10,232"},{"text":"Steph Curry","correct":false,"count":"3,528"}]
"text":"Stanford","correct":false,"count":"614"},{"text":"University of Miami","correct":false,"count":"3,088"},{"text":"Wake Forest","correct":true,"count":"6,772"}]
"text":"Maple Leafs","correct":false,"count":"950"},{"text":"Islanders","correct":false,"count":"3,091"},{"text":"Red Wings","correct":true,"count":"3,027"}]
"text":"Walker Buehler","correct":false,"count":"637"},{"text":"Nathan Eovaldi","correct":false,"count":"566"},{"text":"Alex Wood","correct":true,"count":"2,327"}]
"text":"Floyd Mayweather","correct":false,"count":"995"},{"text":"Rocky Marciano","correct":false,"count":"832"},{"text":"Julio Cesar Chavez","correct":true,"count":"697"}]
"text":"Old Hoss","correct":true,"count":"366"},{"text":"Dizzy","correct":false,"count":"322"},{"text":"Cy","correct":false,"count":"338"}]
"text":"Kenya","correct":false,"count":"87"},{"text":"USA","correct":false,"count":"107"},{"text":"England","correct":true,"count":"270"}]
"text":"Magic Johnson","correct":false,"count":"33"},{"text":"Michael Jordan","correct":false,"count":"11"},{"text":"Charles Barkley","correct":true,"count":"257"}]
"text":"Unexpected Facetimes","correct":false,"count":"4,424"},{"text":"Chainsaw","correct":true,"count":"403,374"},{"text":"Twitter feed","correct":false,"count":"1,670"}]
"text":"The Ring","correct":false,"count":"170,064"},{"text":"Final Destination","correct":false,"count":"59,563"},{"text":"Get Out","correct":true,"count":"164,237"}]
"text":"Just ignore the phone","correct":false,"count":"25,099"},{"text":"Don’t worry it’s nothing","correct":false,"count":"25,692"},{"text":"I’ll be right back","correct":true,"count":"117,448"}]
"text":"Stay up late","correct":false,"count":"24,433"},{"text":"Lock your door","correct":false,"count":"12,937"},{"text":"Hide at night","correct":true,"count":"80,468"}]
"text":"Saw","correct":false,"count":"25,409"},{"text":"Paranormal Activity","correct":false,"count":"25,300"},{"text":"Psycho","correct":true,"count":"30,372"}]
"text":"The Exorcist","correct":true,"count":"17,055"},{"text":"Hellraiser","correct":false,"count":"10,305"},{"text":"It Follows","correct":false,"count":"7,674"}]
"text":"Samara","correct":false,"count":"5,463"},{"text":"Cujo","correct":false,"count":"830"},{"text":"The Babadook","correct":true,"count":"12,288"}]
"text":"Friday the 13th Part VI","correct":false,"count":"3,103"},{"text":"Critters 3","correct":true,"count":"5,981"},{"text":"Tremors II: Aftershocks","correct":false,"count":"3,577"}]
"text":"Zero deaths","correct":false,"count":"230"},{"text":"Different villain","correct":true,"count":"5,805"},{"text":"Happens at Christmas","correct":false,"count":"598"}]
"text":"The Fly","correct":true,"count":"4,638"},{"text":"Night of the Living Dead","correct":false,"count":"202"},{"text":"Species","correct":false,"count":"1,057"}]
"text":"The Fog","correct":false,"count":"1,357"},{"text":"They Live","correct":false,"count":"483"},{"text":"The Thing","correct":true,"count":"2,903"}]
"text":"The Grapes of Wrath","correct":false,"count":"9,000"},{"text":"The Three Musketeers","correct":true,"count":"231,196"},{"text":"Pride and Prejudice","correct":false,"count":"2,550"}]
"text":"Reese’s Pieces","correct":false,"count":"5,091"},{"text":"Laffy Taffy","correct":false,"count":"4,006"},{"text":"Junior Mints","correct":true,"count":"218,337"}]
"text":"Tootsie Roll","correct":false,"count":"9,675"},{"text":"Mounds","correct":true,"count":"200,812"},{"text":"Kit Kat","correct":false,"count":"5,061"}]
"text":"Altoids","correct":false,"count":"66,824"},{"text":"Smarties","correct":true,"count":"94,244"},{"text":"Nerds","correct":false,"count":"35,502"}]
"text":"Christmas trees","correct":true,"count":"59,930"},{"text":"Pumpkins","correct":false,"count":"17,164"},{"text":"King cups","correct":false,"count":"19,934"}]
"text":"Starburst","correct":false,"count":"10,546"},{"text":"Sour Patch Kids","correct":false,"count":"16,418"},{"text":"Skittles","correct":true,"count":"32,700"}]
"text":"Red Vines","correct":true,"count":"11,992"},{"text":"Sour Punch Straws","correct":false,"count":"6,310"},{"text":"Twizzlers","correct":false,"count":"15,646"}]
"text":"Witch hat","correct":true,"count":"5,565"},{"text":"Frankenstein’s monster","correct":false,"count":"6,658"},{"text":"Spooky cat","correct":false,"count":"2,258"}]
"text":"Kinder Surprise","correct":true,"count":"5,211"},{"text":"Terry’s Chocolate Orange","correct":false,"count":"580"},{"text":"Mr. Big Bar","correct":false,"count":"849"}]
"text":"Rice crisps","correct":false,"count":"946"},{"text":"Pretzels","correct":true,"count":"3,603"},{"text":"Wafer cookies","correct":false,"count":"794"}]
"text":"Dog","correct":true,"count":"1,129"},{"text":"Cow","correct":false,"count":"1,489"},{"text":"Fox","correct":false,"count":"1,158"}]
"text":"White / orange / yellow","correct":true,"count":"523"},{"text":"Orange / yellow / white","correct":false,"count":"387"},{"text":"White / yellow / orange","correct":false,"count":"541"}]
"text":"Pumpkins","correct":true,"count":"378,404"},{"text":"Roast turkeys","correct":false,"count":"1,101"},{"text":"Leftover candy","correct":false,"count":"697"}]
"text":"Hair","correct":false,"count":"2,405"},{"text":"Heels","correct":true,"count":"370,868"},{"text":"Hips","correct":false,"count":"1,403"}]
"text":"Pie chart","correct":true,"count":"359,717"},{"text":"Scatterplot","correct":false,"count":"3,814"},{"text":"Histogram","correct":false,"count":"3,782"}]
"text":"Lurking vampire","correct":false,"count":"8,170"},{"text":"Departed soul","correct":false,"count":"191,862"},{"text":"Knocking ghost","correct":true,"count":"155,223"}]
"text":"Serotonin","correct":false,"count":"5,820"},{"text":"Endorphins","correct":false,"count":"15,109"},{"text":"Adrenaline","correct":true,"count":"143,352"}]
"text":"Grinder","correct":true,"count":"49,876"},{"text":"Hoagie","correct":false,"count":"79,078"},{"text":"Po'Boy","correct":false,"count":"13,341"}]
"text":"Temptation Island","correct":false,"count":"2,980"},{"text":"Survivor","correct":false,"count":"8,762"},{"text":"The Real World","correct":true,"count":"43,610"}]
"text":"Only Time","correct":false,"count":"13,622"},{"text":"Orinoco Flow","correct":true,"count":"23,463"},{"text":"The Rain Must Fall","correct":false,"count":"6,645"}]
"text":"Millard Fillmore","correct":false,"count":"10,033"},{"text":"Benjamin Harrison","correct":true,"count":"9,355"},{"text":"Chester Arthur","correct":false,"count":"6,295"}]
"text":"Andante","correct":false,"count":"1,782"},{"text":"Adagio","correct":false,"count":"1,550"},{"text":"Allegro","correct":true,"count":"8,710"}]
"text":"South America / Africa","correct":true,"count":"6,316"},{"text":"Africa / Australia","correct":false,"count":"1,399"},{"text":"Eurasia / South America","correct":false,"count":"899"}]
"text":"Slap shot","correct":false,"count":"2,087"},{"text":"Free throw","correct":true,"count":"81,236"},{"text":"PAT","correct":false,"count":"1,058"}]
"text":"Goof","correct":false,"count":"19,772"},{"text":"Dummy","correct":true,"count":"48,643"},{"text":"Whoopsiedoodle","correct":false,"count":"8,659"}]
"text":"Ron Artest","correct":true,"count":"37,893"},{"text":"Chad Johnson","correct":false,"count":"6,038"},{"text":"Chris Jackson","correct":false,"count":"4,878"}]
"text":"Adam Vinatieri","correct":true,"count":"27,130"},{"text":"Drew Brees","correct":false,"count":"8,590"},{"text":"Jerry Rice","correct":false,"count":"2,137"}]
"text":"NFL","correct":false,"count":"7,547"},{"text":"MLB","correct":false,"count":"5,494"},{"text":"NBA","correct":true,"count":"14,091"}]
"text":"Four-point touchdown","correct":false,"count":"1,115"},{"text":"One-point safety","correct":true,"count":"8,253"},{"text":"Two-point field goal","correct":false,"count":"5,056"}]
"text":"Tony La Russa","correct":false,"count":"1,100"},{"text":"Joe Maddon","correct":false,"count":"517"},{"text":"Bobby Valentine","correct":true,"count":"7,226"}]
"text":"Raiders","correct":false,"count":"3,250"},{"text":"Bears","correct":true,"count":"2,493"},{"text":"Cowboys","correct":false,"count":"1,382"}]
"text":"Distance running","correct":true,"count":"1,011"},{"text":"Swimming","correct":false,"count":"943"},{"text":"Pole vault","correct":false,"count":"1,202"}]
"text":"Purdue","correct":false,"count":"345"},{"text":"Notre Dame","correct":true,"count":"270"},{"text":"Alabama","correct":false,"count":"683"}]
"text":"Kansas / Pistons","correct":true,"count":"235"},{"text":"Louisville / Celtics","correct":false,"count":"116"},{"text":"Arizona / Rockets","correct":false,"count":"48"}]
"text":"Yogi Berra","correct":false,"count":"52"},{"text":"Babe Ruth","correct":false,"count":"118"},{"text":"Lou Gehrig","correct":true,"count":"73"}]
"text":"Trick","correct":false,"count":"3,367"},{"text":"Treat","correct":false,"count":"2,061"},{"text":"Trout","correct":true,"count":"461,606"}]
"text":"Michael Myers","correct":true,"count":"415,003"},{"text":"Steve Martin","correct":false,"count":"10,000"},{"text":"Eddie Murphy","correct":false,"count":"13,253"}]
"text":"Huge butler","correct":false,"count":"20,048"},{"text":"Disembodied hand","correct":true,"count":"256,704"},{"text":"Mound of hair","correct":false,"count":"139,990"}]
"text":"Bat","correct":false,"count":"60,842"},{"text":"Wolf","correct":true,"count":"216,667"},{"text":"Spider","correct":false,"count":"25,192"}]
"text":"Left","correct":false,"count":"78,013"},{"text":"Right","correct":true,"count":"89,947"},{"text":"Both","correct":false,"count":"68,478"}]
"text":"All Sinners’ Day","correct":false,"count":"8,072"},{"text":"All Saints’ Day","correct":false,"count":"62,071"},{"text":"All Souls’ Day","correct":true,"count":"57,796"}]
"text":"Thing with 40 eyes","correct":true,"count":"20,837"},{"text":"Boogeyman’s surprise","correct":false,"count":"17,720"},{"text":"Gaze that petrifies","correct":false,"count":"31,503"}]
"text":"Raggedy Ann doll","correct":true,"count":"21,572"},{"text":"Robert the Doll","correct":false,"count":"5,579"},{"text":"Cabbage Patch doll","correct":false,"count":"3,603"}]
"text":"Frog’s Breath","correct":false,"count":"5,640"},{"text":"Worm’s Wart","correct":false,"count":"6,231"},{"text":"Deadly Night Shade","correct":true,"count":"10,638"}]
"text":"Wolfman’s brother","correct":false,"count":"4,717"},{"text":"The mummy’s mommy","correct":false,"count":"3,842"},{"text":"Dracula’s child","correct":true,"count":"3,730"}]
"text":"Swiftie Central","correct":false,"count":"2,402"},{"text":"New New Jersey","correct":false,"count":"6,082"},{"text":"Empire State","correct":true,"count":"176,002"}]
"text":"Friday the 13th","correct":false,"count":"10,601"},{"text":"Leprechaun","correct":true,"count":"158,700"},{"text":"Child’s Play","correct":false,"count":"4,848"}]
"text":"Kanye’s","correct":false,"count":"3,951"},{"text":"Cardi’s","correct":false,"count":"1,481"},{"text":"Murphy’s","correct":true,"count":"151,841"}]
"text":"Dog","correct":false,"count":"44,087"},{"text":"Cat","correct":true,"count":"70,480"},{"text":"Raccoon","correct":false,"count":"35,423"}]
"text":"Neighbor","correct":false,"count":"24,392"},{"text":"Convenience","correct":false,"count":"30,170"},{"text":"Cellar","correct":true,"count":"19,334"}]
"text":"Plonk","correct":false,"count":"6,884"},{"text":"Clonk","correct":false,"count":"7,134"},{"text":"Bonk","correct":true,"count":"9,359"}]
"text":"Hispaniola","correct":false,"count":"2,642"},{"text":"Puerto Rico","correct":false,"count":"1,361"},{"text":"Dominican Republic","correct":true,"count":"6,343"}]
"text":"One to Grow On","correct":true,"count":"3,815"},{"text":"Follow Your Heart","correct":false,"count":"1,016"},{"text":"You Can Do It","correct":false,"count":"1,903"}]
"text":"Kristin Davis","correct":false,"count":"762"},{"text":"Cynthia Nixon","correct":true,"count":"1,219"},{"text":"Kim Cattrall","correct":false,"count":"2,303"}]
"text":"Pentagons","correct":true,"count":"1,051"},{"text":"Heptagons","correct":false,"count":"135"},{"text":"Hexagons","correct":false,"count":"831"}]
"text":"Dennis Rodman","correct":false,"count":"206"},{"text":"Shaquille O’Neal","correct":true,"count":"861"},{"text":"Allen Iverson","correct":false,"count":"143"}]
"text":"Disneyland castle","correct":false,"count":"200"},{"text":"The Alamo","correct":false,"count":"93"},{"text":"Hollywood sign","correct":true,"count":"612"}]
"text":"The Batman","correct":false,"count":"5,960"},{"text":"The poor","correct":true,"count":"399,024"},{"text":"The HQties","correct":false,"count":"920"}]
"text":"Yoga","correct":false,"count":"8,171"},{"text":"Toga","correct":true,"count":"383,371"},{"text":"Gouda","correct":false,"count":"4,261"}]
"text":"Ears","correct":false,"count":"2,219"},{"text":"Backbone","correct":true,"count":"376,650"},{"text":"Liver","correct":false,"count":"1,245"}]
"text":"Sumo wrestling","correct":true,"count":"366,735"},{"text":"Rugby","correct":false,"count":"3,271"},{"text":"Cricket","correct":false,"count":"4,220"}]
"text":"Aquaman","correct":false,"count":"70,884"},{"text":"Superman","correct":true,"count":"266,427"},{"text":"The Hulk","correct":false,"count":"26,774"}]
"text":"OA","correct":false,"count":"6,397"},{"text":"CO","correct":false,"count":"1,027"},{"text":"AB","correct":true,"count":"265,840"}]
"text":"3:10 to Yuma","correct":false,"count":"82,741"},{"text":"The Outlaw Josey Wales","correct":false,"count":"20,475"},{"text":"The Magnificent Seven","correct":true,"count":"158,925"}]
"text":"Heng","correct":false,"count":"15,158"},{"text":"Pilcrow","correct":false,"count":"53,662"},{"text":"Obelus","correct":true,"count":"101,575"}]
"text":"Coleridge","correct":true,"count":"37,131"},{"text":"Tennyson","correct":false,"count":"54,291"},{"text":"Shelley","correct":false,"count":"20,228"}]
"text":"Dishwasher","correct":false,"count":"15,100"},{"text":"Dry cleaning","correct":true,"count":"21,018"},{"text":"Indoor plumbing","correct":false,"count":"13,035"}]
"text":"All I Wanna Do","correct":true,"count":"10,744"},{"text":"My Heart Will Go On","correct":false,"count":"6,015"},{"text":"I Will Always Love You","correct":false,"count":"8,250"}]
"text":"Collars","correct":true,"count":"313,252"},{"text":"Custom-fitted sneakers","correct":false,"count":"2,384"},{"text":"Vintage monocles","correct":false,"count":"1,908"}]
"text":"Writing hot takes","correct":false,"count":"909"},{"text":"Sipping cold tea","correct":false,"count":"663"},{"text":"Sit-ups","correct":true,"count":"308,273"}]
"text":"Proton","correct":true,"count":"241,709"},{"text":"Neutron","correct":false,"count":"8,598"},{"text":"Electron","correct":false,"count":"53,479"}]
"text":"Rye","correct":false,"count":"21,695"},{"text":"Gin","correct":false,"count":"29,440"},{"text":"Mezcal","correct":true,"count":"188,312"}]
"text":"Fashion Police","correct":false,"count":"45,804"},{"text":"The Rachel Zoe Project","correct":false,"count":"34,283"},{"text":"America’s Next Top Model","correct":true,"count":"103,331"}]
"text":"Beer","correct":false,"count":"11,812"},{"text":"Hot dogs","correct":false,"count":"7,611"},{"text":"Stadium lights","correct":true,"count":"84,415"}]
"text":"Lemongrass","correct":false,"count":"18,413"},{"text":"Cumin","correct":false,"count":"15,741"},{"text":"Turmeric","correct":true,"count":"49,697"}]
"text":"Lancelot","correct":true,"count":"17,728"},{"text":"King Arthur","correct":false,"count":"7,393"},{"text":"Neither","correct":false,"count":"24,535"}]
"text":"Porkchop","correct":false,"count":"4,748"},{"text":"Wishbone","correct":true,"count":"12,729"},{"text":"Santa’s Little Helper","correct":false,"count":"1,592"}]
"text":"Show me","correct":true,"count":"5,937"},{"text":"Hit me, if you can","correct":false,"count":"3,781"},{"text":"There’s more","correct":false,"count":"3,164"}]
"text":"Microsoft","correct":true,"count":"2,718"},{"text":"Apple","correct":false,"count":"853"},{"text":"Google","correct":false,"count":"2,806"}]
"text":"Light","correct":true,"count":"325,444"},{"text":"Airport shuttles","correct":false,"count":"1,915"},{"text":"Angry slugs","correct":false,"count":"673"}]
"text":"Merman","correct":false,"count":"6,305"},{"text":"Gilled antelope","correct":false,"count":"2,019"},{"text":"Troll","correct":true,"count":"313,242"}]
"text":"You’re Beautiful","correct":true,"count":"291,438"},{"text":"I'm HQtiful","correct":false,"count":"1,446"},{"text":"America the Beautiful","correct":false,"count":"18,229"}]
"text":"Acrostic","correct":false,"count":"41,431"},{"text":"Jumble","correct":false,"count":"42,537"},{"text":"Cryptogram","correct":true,"count":"206,149"}]
"text":"Havarti","correct":false,"count":"64,052"},{"text":"Chèvre","correct":true,"count":"121,135"},{"text":"Muenster","correct":false,"count":"33,220"}]
"text":"Teacher","correct":false,"count":"4,508"},{"text":"US senator","correct":false,"count":"45,635"},{"text":"Lawyer","correct":true,"count":"87,075"}]
"text":"Roadrunner","correct":false,"count":"50,425"},{"text":"Coyote","correct":true,"count":"23,745"},{"text":"Bear","correct":false,"count":"21,323"}]
"text":"Helmets","correct":false,"count":"5,580"},{"text":"Beards","correct":true,"count":"23,222"},{"text":"Work boots","correct":false,"count":"11,670"}]
"text":"Happy Feet","correct":true,"count":"13,076"},{"text":"Puss in Boots","correct":false,"count":"4,871"},{"text":"Hotel Transylvania","correct":false,"count":"8,040"}]
"text":"Good Morning, Miss Bliss","correct":true,"count":"7,678"},{"text":"Cafeteria Blues","correct":false,"count":"3,065"},{"text":"Bayside Elementary","correct":false,"count":"4,352"}]
"text":"The Sun Also Rises","correct":true,"count":"4,867"},{"text":"The Great Gatsby","correct":false,"count":"1,739"},{"text":"Ulysses","correct":false,"count":"2,270"}]
"text":"Home run","correct":false,"count":"13,772"},{"text":"Slam dunk","correct":true,"count":"521,763"},{"text":"Punt return","correct":false,"count":"1,654"}]
"text":"Lion","correct":true,"count":"503,283"},{"text":"Wholphin","correct":false,"count":"10,179"},{"text":"Hummingbird","correct":false,"count":"4,685"}]
"text":"Cold cut","correct":false,"count":"3,490"},{"text":"Frigid","correct":true,"count":"492,576"},{"text":"Bold","correct":false,"count":"4,892"}]
"text":"Laser beams","correct":false,"count":"9,157"},{"text":"Barrels","correct":true,"count":"469,807"},{"text":"Turtles","correct":false,"count":"10,495"}]
"text":"Billion","correct":false,"count":"99,557"},{"text":"Trillion","correct":true,"count":"229,764"},{"text":"Zillion","correct":false,"count":"131,962"}]
"text":"Ferret","correct":false,"count":"27,608"},{"text":"Fox","correct":true,"count":"185,809"},{"text":"Weasel","correct":false,"count":"65,835"}]
"text":"1950s","correct":false,"count":"39,647"},{"text":"Old West","correct":true,"count":"113,517"},{"text":"21st century","correct":false,"count":"47,977"}]
"text":"Boston Celtics","correct":true,"count":"57,367"},{"text":"Philadelphia 76ers","correct":false,"count":"36,054"},{"text":"Los Angeles Lakers","correct":false,"count":"35,841"}]
"text":"Honda","correct":false,"count":"14,625"},{"text":"Samsung","correct":true,"count":"35,675"},{"text":"Alibaba","correct":false,"count":"21,606"}]
"text":"Danube","correct":false,"count":"18,440"},{"text":"Congo","correct":true,"count":"12,500"},{"text":"Nile","correct":false,"count":"11,303"}]
"text":"Tennessee Avenue","correct":true,"count":"11,710"},{"text":"Indiana Avenue","correct":false,"count":"2,768"},{"text":"Illinois Avenue","correct":false,"count":"2,777"}]
"text":"The Shawshank Redemption","correct":false,"count":"3,753"},{"text":"Misery","correct":true,"count":"5,629"},{"text":"The Shining","correct":false,"count":"2,655"}]
"text":"Insurance.com","correct":false,"count":"1,040"},{"text":"Casino.com","correct":false,"count":"914"},{"text":"Broadcast.com","correct":true,"count":"4,510"}]
"text":"Onion","correct":true,"count":"2,461"},{"text":"Mushroom","correct":false,"count":"300"},{"text":"Cheese","correct":false,"count":"1,820"}]
"text":"Dubstep","correct":false,"count":"996"},{"text":"Double dribble","correct":true,"count":"103,305"},{"text":"Dirty dancing","correct":false,"count":"302"}]
"text":"David Johnson","correct":false,"count":"9,432"},{"text":"Le’Veon Bell","correct":true,"count":"77,013"},{"text":"Rob Gronkowski","correct":false,"count":"10,850"}]
"text":"Sand","correct":true,"count":"53,709"},{"text":"Water","correct":false,"count":"13,741"},{"text":"Hurdles","correct":false,"count":"8,783"}]
"text":"The flu","correct":false,"count":"15,472"},{"text":"Kidney stone","correct":true,"count":"29,623"},{"text":"Broken finger","correct":false,"count":"8,531"}]
"text":"USC","correct":false,"count":"4,940"},{"text":"Miami","correct":true,"count":"12,190"},{"text":"Alabama","correct":false,"count":"14,035"}]
"text":"Increased","correct":false,"count":"3,463"},{"text":"Decreased","correct":true,"count":"5,527"},{"text":"Stayed exactly the same","correct":false,"count":"4,630"}]
"text":"St. Louis","correct":false,"count":"1,777"},{"text":"Seattle","correct":true,"count":"2,128"},{"text":"Atlanta","correct":false,"count":"3,045"}]
"text":"Leaving the pin in","correct":true,"count":"1,827"},{"text":"Closing one eye","correct":false,"count":"638"},{"text":"Extra-long putter","correct":false,"count":"425"}]
"text":"Butler","correct":true,"count":"1,474"},{"text":"Duke","correct":false,"count":"235"},{"text":"Michigan","correct":false,"count":"260"}]
"text":"Blackhawks","correct":false,"count":"288"},{"text":"Blues","correct":true,"count":"939"},{"text":"Red Wings","correct":false,"count":"305"}]
"text":"Softball","correct":false,"count":"124"},{"text":"Basketball","correct":false,"count":"626"},{"text":"Soccer","correct":true,"count":"304"}]
"text":"Alex Rodriguez","correct":true,"count":"271"},{"text":"Barry Bonds","correct":false,"count":"78"},{"text":"Babe Ruth","correct":false,"count":"44"}]
"text":"Wakanda","correct":false,"count":"4,772"},{"text":"Over the rainbow","correct":true,"count":"442,769"},{"text":"Upstate Vermont","correct":false,"count":"9,417"}]
"text":"Spider-Man","correct":false,"count":"1,566"},{"text":"Black Widow","correct":false,"count":"1,580"},{"text":"Thor","correct":true,"count":"438,058"}]
"text":"Dumbledore","correct":false,"count":"15,997"},{"text":"Voldemort","correct":false,"count":"18,316"},{"text":"Anton Chigurh","correct":true,"count":"400,350"}]
"text":"The Iron Giant","correct":true,"count":"249,628"},{"text":"Shrek","correct":false,"count":"60,921"},{"text":"Totoro","correct":false,"count":"82,426"}]
"text":"The Post","correct":false,"count":"97,063"},{"text":"Spotlight","correct":false,"count":"54,287"},{"text":"The Paper","correct":true,"count":"111,187"}]
"text":"Jack Nicholson","correct":false,"count":"97,669"},{"text":"Tom Cruise","correct":false,"count":"14,694"},{"text":"Neither","correct":true,"count":"14,856"}]
"text":"Talking rabbit","correct":true,"count":"9,283"},{"text":"Old virgin","correct":false,"count":"19,080"},{"text":"Legendary anchorman","correct":false,"count":"6,770"}]
"text":"Hitman: Agent 47","correct":false,"count":"2,879"},{"text":"Ballistic: Ecks vs Sever","correct":true,"count":"4,939"},{"text":"John Wick: Chapter Two","correct":false,"count":"3,711"}]
"text":"Silent Bob","correct":true,"count":"3,119"},{"text":"Remy the Rat","correct":false,"count":"1,048"},{"text":"Professor Trelawney","correct":false,"count":"1,329"}]
"text":"Matilda","correct":false,"count":"937"},{"text":"Toy Story","correct":false,"count":"1,030"}]
"text":"Marley & Me","correct":true,"count":"514"},{"text":"Air Bud","correct":false,"count":"626"},{"text":"Hachi: A Dog’s Tale","correct":false,"count":"495"}]
"text":"Canada Teal","correct":false,"count":"1,796"},{"text":"Mexican Burnt Umber","correct":false,"count":"1,362"},{"text":"Old Glory Red","correct":true,"count":"194,066"}]
"text":"Panther","correct":false,"count":"3,136"},{"text":"Elephant","correct":true,"count":"184,754"},{"text":"Joey Tribbiani","correct":false,"count":"2,414"}]
"text":"Filet mignon","correct":true,"count":"172,067"},{"text":"Lasagna","correct":false,"count":"7,332"},{"text":"Hamburger","correct":false,"count":"3,178"}]
"text":"Bowman","correct":true,"count":"129,283"},{"text":"Power forward","correct":false,"count":"34,806"},{"text":"Point Guard","correct":false,"count":"6,267"}]
"text":"Grind of espresso","correct":false,"count":"21,011"},{"text":"Amount of foam","correct":true,"count":"97,274"},{"text":"Temperature","correct":false,"count":"9,825"}]
"text":"Red Dead Revenge","correct":false,"count":"41,583"},{"text":"Red Dead Revolver","correct":true,"count":"46,481"},{"text":"Red Dead Rustler","correct":false,"count":"6,320"}]
"text":"California","correct":false,"count":"23,054"},{"text":"Hawaii","correct":false,"count":"5,442"},{"text":"Texas","correct":true,"count":"21,551"}]
"text":"Yelp","correct":false,"count":"3,272"},{"text":"Scream","correct":false,"count":"6,018"},{"text":"Howl","correct":true,"count":"16,654"}]
"text":"Australia","correct":true,"count":"9,976"},{"text":"Sweden","correct":false,"count":"4,878"},{"text":"Russia","correct":false,"count":"2,922"}]
"text":"One cup of rice","correct":false,"count":"2,258"},{"text":"One potato","correct":false,"count":"2,452"},{"text":"One apple","correct":true,"count":"6,707"}]
"text":"Sublimation","correct":false,"count":"711"},{"text":"Transpiration","correct":true,"count":"2,541"},{"text":"Deposition","correct":false,"count":"4,451"}]
"text":"Coins ‘N Things","correct":true,"count":"2,164"},{"text":"The Shiny Store","correct":false,"count":"977"},{"text":"Jewels R Us","correct":false,"count":"628"}]
"text":"Coffee","correct":true,"count":"333,709"},{"text":"Champagne","correct":false,"count":"20,683"},{"text":"Hi-C Ecto Cooler","correct":false,"count":"2,056"}]
"text":"Hair","correct":true,"count":"311,667"},{"text":"Brain","correct":false,"count":"2,665"},{"text":"Spinal cord","correct":false,"count":"2,619"}]
"text":"Buffalo","correct":false,"count":"5,920"},{"text":"Cow","correct":false,"count":"8,953"},{"text":"Chicken","correct":true,"count":"294,745"}]
"text":"Statler / Waldorf","correct":true,"count":"201,346"},{"text":"Stabler / Benson","correct":false,"count":"65,416"},{"text":"Goofus / Gallant","correct":false,"count":"24,487"}]
"text":"Milk","correct":true,"count":"138,488"},{"text":"Kool-Aid","correct":false,"count":"11,006"},{"text":"Champagne","correct":false,"count":"58,488"}]
"text":"Ruby","correct":true,"count":"43,948"},{"text":"Emerald","correct":false,"count":"53,616"},{"text":"Amethyst","correct":false,"count":"44,919"}]
"text":"Halliburton","correct":false,"count":"17,390"},{"text":"Monsanto","correct":true,"count":"31,369"},{"text":"Blackwater","correct":false,"count":"8,085"}]
"text":"Greece","correct":true,"count":"11,009"},{"text":"Persia","correct":false,"count":"14,984"},{"text":"Egypt","correct":false,"count":"8,855"}]
"text":"Cindy","correct":false,"count":"2,977"},{"text":"Marcia","correct":false,"count":"5,458"},{"text":"Jan","correct":true,"count":"7,040"}]
"text":"Roughhousing","correct":false,"count":"2,089"},{"text":"Tomfoolery","correct":false,"count":"1,497"},{"text":"Fisticuffs","correct":true,"count":"4,897"}]
"text":"Beach volleyball","correct":false,"count":"5,701"},{"text":"Golf","correct":true,"count":"87,233"},{"text":"Field hockey","correct":false,"count":"1,761"}]
"text":"Charles Barkley","correct":true,"count":"58,683"},{"text":"Tim Duncan","correct":false,"count":"5,249"},{"text":"Dennis Rodman","correct":false,"count":"13,030"}]
"text":"Oilers","correct":true,"count":"29,611"},{"text":"Rangers","correct":false,"count":"11,296"},{"text":"Kings","correct":false,"count":"13,548"}]
"text":"Wins exactly one game","correct":true,"count":"10,195"},{"text":"Never has the lead","correct":false,"count":"7,727"},{"text":"Keeps every game close","correct":false,"count":"6,643"}]
"text":"Breanna Stewart","correct":true,"count":"6,176"},{"text":"Elena Delle Donne","correct":false,"count":"2,446"},{"text":"Candace Parker","correct":false,"count":"2,703"}]
"text":"Chicago Cubs","correct":false,"count":"3,952"},{"text":"St. Louis Cardinals","correct":true,"count":"1,166"},{"text":"Chicago White Sox","correct":false,"count":"1,287"}]
"text":"Nick Mullens","correct":true,"count":"1,680"},{"text":"Carson Wentz","correct":false,"count":"283"},{"text":"Baker Mayfield","correct":false,"count":"112"}]
"text":"Warriors","correct":false,"count":"236"},{"text":"Nuggets","correct":false,"count":"311"},{"text":"Bucks","correct":true,"count":"1,137"}]
"text":"Men’s NCAA","correct":true,"count":"381"},{"text":"WNBA","correct":false,"count":"141"},{"text":"NBA","correct":false,"count":"664"}]
"text":"Harry Kane","correct":false,"count":"63"},{"text":"Mo Salah","correct":false,"count":"168"},{"text":"Luka Modric","correct":true,"count":"258"}]
"text":"Joey Logano","correct":true,"count":"163"},{"text":"Martin Truex, Jr.","correct":false,"count":"66"},{"text":"Kurt Busch","correct":false,"count":"61"}]
"text":"Frank Gifford","correct":false,"count":"21"},{"text":"Jim Taylor","correct":true,"count":"108"},{"text":"Gale Sayers","correct":false,"count":"48"}]
"text":"Pig Latin","correct":false,"count":"5,301"},{"text":"Klingon","correct":false,"count":"2,456"},{"text":"French","correct":true,"count":"367,245"}]
"text":"Opposite editorial","correct":true,"count":"355,689"},{"text":"Opulent edibles","correct":false,"count":"3,003"},{"text":"Operatic edginess","correct":false,"count":"2,415"}]
"text":"Magna Carta","correct":false,"count":"11,895"},{"text":"Gettysburg Address","correct":false,"count":"4,569"},{"text":"US Constitution","correct":true,"count":"336,200"}]
"text":"The Blair Witch Project","correct":true,"count":"302,804"},{"text":"Get Out","correct":false,"count":"12,752"},{"text":"Rosemary’s Baby","correct":false,"count":"17,940"}]
"text":"Homonyms","correct":false,"count":"175,541"},{"text":"Homophones","correct":false,"count":"101,900"},{"text":"Heteronyms","correct":true,"count":"21,058"}]
"text":"My So-Called Life","correct":false,"count":"15,831"},{"text":"Dawson's Creek","correct":false,"count":"11,756"},{"text":"Freaks & Geeks","correct":true,"count":"23,700"}]
"text":"Lando Calrissian","correct":false,"count":"8,597"},{"text":"Superman","correct":false,"count":"3,013"},{"text":"Spock","correct":true,"count":"13,236"}]
"text":"Ram","correct":true,"count":"8,289"},{"text":"Bull","correct":false,"count":"3,025"},{"text":"Ox","correct":false,"count":"2,963"}]
"text":"Oscar Wilde","correct":false,"count":"3,780"},{"text":"Mark Twain","correct":true,"count":"2,548"},{"text":"W.E.B. Du Bois","correct":false,"count":"2,645"}]
"text":"Lyndon B. Johnson","correct":false,"count":"1,101"},{"text":"Richard Nixon","correct":false,"count":"798"},{"text":"Herbert Hoover","correct":true,"count":"1,648"}]
"text":"Goofy","correct":true,"count":"1,115"},{"text":"Charm","correct":false,"count":"507"},{"text":"Strange","correct":false,"count":"284"}]
"text":"Scrabble","correct":false,"count":"1,164"},{"text":"Baseball","correct":true,"count":"187,509"},{"text":"Poker","correct":false,"count":"619"}]
"text":"Head","correct":false,"count":"1,008"},{"text":"Leg","correct":true,"count":"182,497"},{"text":"Lung","correct":false,"count":"1,218"}]
"text":"Motorcycle jumping","correct":false,"count":"6,480"},{"text":"Hosting","correct":true,"count":"170,629"},{"text":"Breakdancing","correct":false,"count":"2,398"}]
"text":"thank u, next","correct":true,"count":"99,219"},{"text":"Side to Side","correct":false,"count":"23,539"},{"text":"One Last Time","correct":false,"count":"43,815"}]
"text":"Hindu","correct":true,"count":"97,150"},{"text":"Jewish","correct":false,"count":"3,839"},{"text":"Catholic","correct":false,"count":"428"}]
"text":"Maryland","correct":true,"count":"50,175"},{"text":"Virginia","correct":false,"count":"37,748"},{"text":"Delaware","correct":false,"count":"7,257"}]
"text":"Onshore fishing","correct":false,"count":"12,245"},{"text":"Outdoor grilling","correct":false,"count":"2,576"},{"text":"Indoor vaping","correct":true,"count":"36,264"}]
"text":"Plant","correct":true,"count":"16,684"},{"text":"Phone","correct":false,"count":"9,255"},{"text":"Photo","correct":false,"count":"11,859"}]
"text":"Rickshaw effect","correct":false,"count":"12,583"},{"text":"Pizza effect","correct":true,"count":"3,745"},{"text":"Reggae effect","correct":false,"count":"2,681"}]
"text":"Donny’s Dogs","correct":false,"count":"899"},{"text":"Debby’s Diner","correct":false,"count":"3,077"},{"text":"Danny’s Donuts","correct":true,"count":"2,440"}]
"text":"Flatworm","correct":false,"count":"1,153"},{"text":"Carpet python","correct":false,"count":"525"},{"text":"Hermit crab","correct":true,"count":"1,295"}]
"text":"David Rice Atchison","correct":false,"count":"365"},{"text":"Giuseppe Barilla","correct":false,"count":"192"},{"text":"Leslie Lynch King Jr.","correct":true,"count":"910"}]
"text":"NHL mascot Gritty","correct":false,"count":"6,985"},{"text":"Smart dog","correct":false,"count":"15,478"},{"text":"Smelly cat","correct":true,"count":"624,010"}]
"text":"Armadillo","correct":true,"count":"454,712"},{"text":"Doctor","correct":false,"count":"77,896"},{"text":"Banana","correct":false,"count":"86,310"}]
"text":"Lobster tails","correct":false,"count":"28,734"},{"text":"Turkey","correct":true,"count":"344,949"},{"text":"Towel","correct":false,"count":"90,939"}]
"text":"You don’t understand","correct":false,"count":"6,966"},{"text":"Let me explain","correct":false,"count":"14,665"},{"text":"Fine by me!","correct":true,"count":"334,044"}]
"text":"Film set","correct":false,"count":"73,522"},{"text":"Bronx Zoo","correct":false,"count":"67,621"},{"text":"San Diego Zoo","correct":true,"count":"192,974"}]
"text":"Joey","correct":false,"count":"111,923"},{"text":"Chandler","correct":true,"count":"105,611"},{"text":"Ross","correct":false,"count":"1,850"}]
"text":"Four","correct":true,"count":"72,684"},{"text":"Five","correct":false,"count":"40,201"},{"text":"Six","correct":false,"count":"15,089"}]
"text":"Joey’s family","correct":false,"count":"630"},{"text":"Chandler’s job","correct":true,"count":"77,264"},{"text":"The chick and the duck","correct":false,"count":"5,464"}]
"text":"Data reconfiguration","correct":true,"count":"69,617"},{"text":"Accounts receivable","correct":false,"count":"5,203"},{"text":"Interflow coordination","correct":false,"count":"2,853"}]
"text":"Meatball sandwich","correct":false,"count":"4,593"},{"text":"Pizza","correct":false,"count":"1,053"},{"text":"French fries","correct":true,"count":"65,034"}]
"text":"Anna Faris","correct":true,"count":"49,687"},{"text":"Ellen Pompeo","correct":false,"count":"4,192"},{"text":"Christina Applegate","correct":false,"count":"11,294"}]
"text":"Business woman","correct":true,"count":"27,899"},{"text":"Notary public","correct":false,"count":"6,329"},{"text":"Corporate lawyer","correct":false,"count":"17,412"}]
"text":"No-pulp OJ","correct":false,"count":"14,486"},{"text":"Hole-less Swiss cheese","correct":false,"count":"5,182"},{"text":"Lumpless milkshakes","correct":true,"count":"11,912"}]
"text":"Prove it","correct":false,"count":"4,741"},{"text":"We’ve got a box","correct":true,"count":"7,917"},{"text":"Get in there","correct":false,"count":"2,326"}]
"text":"Jokehurling","correct":false,"count":"1,908"},{"text":"Complimentseeking","correct":false,"count":"2,114"},{"text":"Thanksgiving","correct":true,"count":"319,428"}]
"text":"London Oy, Hold My Torch","correct":false,"count":"23,121"},{"text":"Paris Match","correct":true,"count":"273,045"},{"text":"Rome Rubbing Two Sticks","correct":false,"count":"7,057"}]
"text":"Planets","correct":false,"count":"10,254"},{"text":"Asteroids","correct":true,"count":"220,510"},{"text":"Moons","correct":false,"count":"40,210"}]
"text":"Football","correct":false,"count":"10,984"},{"text":"Baseball","correct":true,"count":"152,971"},{"text":"Tennis","correct":false,"count":"55,300"}]
"text":"I went","correct":false,"count":"12,616"},{"text":"They went","correct":true,"count":"120,162"},{"text":"We went","correct":false,"count":"25,400"}]
"text":"Plum","correct":false,"count":"6,617"},{"text":"Pomegranate","correct":true,"count":"93,280"},{"text":"Nectarine","correct":false,"count":"23,943"}]
"text":"Vermont","correct":false,"count":"31,375"},{"text":"New Hampshire","correct":true,"count":"54,584"},{"text":"Massachusetts","correct":false,"count":"10,678"}]
"text":"Creation","correct":true,"count":"31,984"},{"text":"Life","correct":false,"count":"13,999"},{"text":"Atlas","correct":false,"count":"12,602"}]
"text":"Magikarp","correct":true,"count":"19,516"},{"text":"Mudkip","correct":false,"count":"2,821"},{"text":"Mewtwo","correct":false,"count":"13,912"}]
"text":"Fun Home","correct":true,"count":"6,826"},{"text":"Ghost World","correct":false,"count":"7,469"},{"text":"Watchmen","correct":false,"count":"8,556"}]
"text":"Sanford & Son","correct":false,"count":"1,855"},{"text":"One Day at a Time","correct":false,"count":"5,414"},{"text":"Rhoda","correct":true,"count":"2,824"}]
"text":"Captain Planet","correct":false,"count":"3,430"},{"text":"Captain Kangaroo","correct":false,"count":"2,737"},{"text":"Captain Edward Smith","correct":true,"count":"333,768"}]
"text":"Ice hockey","correct":true,"count":"329,743"},{"text":"Soccer","correct":false,"count":"1,064"},{"text":"Tennis","correct":false,"count":"636"}]
"text":"Winter","correct":false,"count":"39,971"},{"text":"Summer","correct":true,"count":"268,404"},{"text":"Fall","correct":false,"count":"17,724"}]
"text":"Disco instrumental","correct":false,"count":"2,735"},{"text":"Christmas song","correct":true,"count":"267,683"},{"text":"Battle anthem","correct":false,"count":"1,227"}]
"text":"A face card","correct":false,"count":"49,180"},{"text":"Ace high","correct":true,"count":"161,843"},{"text":"All red cards","correct":false,"count":"45,582"}]
"text":"Shake Shack","correct":false,"count":"22,776"},{"text":"In-N-Out","correct":true,"count":"125,086"},{"text":"White Castle","correct":false,"count":"18,210"}]
"text":"London’s The Shard","correct":false,"count":"13,633"},{"text":"Chicago’s Willis Tower","correct":false,"count":"45,764"},{"text":"Toronto’s CN Tower","correct":true,"count":"64,213"}]
"text":"Mount Pricemore","correct":false,"count":"4,855"},{"text":"Alpine Climb","correct":false,"count":"32,773"},{"text":"Cliff Hangers","correct":true,"count":"34,128"}]
"text":"Aglets","correct":true,"count":"32,490"},{"text":"Grommets","correct":false,"count":"3,908"},{"text":"Crimps","correct":false,"count":"4,324"}]
"text":"Chital","correct":false,"count":"5,496"},{"text":"Bilby","correct":true,"count":"21,848"},{"text":"Rakali","correct":false,"count":"6,519"}]
"text":"Vatican City","correct":false,"count":"5,658"},{"text":"North Korea","correct":true,"count":"5,203"},{"text":"Philippines","correct":false,"count":"13,346"}]
"text":"Wood","correct":true,"count":"538,170"},{"text":"Memes","correct":false,"count":"1,502"},{"text":"Loam","correct":false,"count":"5,413"}]
"text":"Potato pancake","correct":false,"count":"2,825"},{"text":"Graham cracker","correct":true,"count":"525,971"},{"text":"Tortilla","correct":false,"count":"2,769"}]
"text":"Sporty Spice","correct":false,"count":"23,930"},{"text":"Sneaky Spice","correct":true,"count":"446,958"},{"text":"Scary Spice","correct":false,"count":"49,723"}]
"text":"Facebook post","correct":false,"count":"20,478"},{"text":"Tumblr entry","correct":false,"count":"20,216"},{"text":"Tweet","correct":true,"count":"411,932"}]
"text":"Fresno","correct":false,"count":"83,274"},{"text":"Trilby","correct":true,"count":"213,158"},{"text":"Grimaldi","correct":false,"count":"115,457"}]
"text":"Ears","correct":false,"count":"15,393"},{"text":"Eyeball","correct":true,"count":"220,359"},{"text":"Nose","correct":false,"count":"9,061"}]
"text":"Bell Biv DeVoe","correct":true,"count":"71,580"},{"text":"Boyz II Men","correct":false,"count":"76,888"},{"text":"All-4-One","correct":false,"count":"72,937"}]
"text":"Potatoes","correct":false,"count":"52,122"},{"text":"Candy","correct":true,"count":"24,043"},{"text":"Ice","correct":false,"count":"22,313"}]
"text":"You had me at “Hello”","correct":false,"count":"2,524"},{"text":"To me, you are perfect","correct":true,"count":"30,077"},{"text":"You complete me","correct":false,"count":"3,909"}]
"text":"Cleveland","correct":true,"count":"17,879"},{"text":"New York","correct":false,"count":"2,120"},{"text":"Sacramento","correct":false,"count":"10,698"}]
"text":"Internet","correct":false,"count":"4,031"},{"text":"Selfie stick","correct":false,"count":"7,380"},{"text":"Auto-Tune","correct":true,"count":"7,838"}]
"text":"Papa Don’t Preach","correct":false,"count":"2,223"},{"text":"I Love Rock ‘n’ Roll","correct":true,"count":"6,799"},{"text":"Just Can’t Get Enough","correct":false,"count":"2,623"}]
"text":"Mercury","correct":false,"count":"1,656"},{"text":"Moon","correct":true,"count":"4,234"},{"text":"Mars","correct":false,"count":"1,760"}]
"text":"Kosovo","correct":false,"count":"1,407"},{"text":"Switzerland","correct":true,"count":"1,038"},{"text":"Spain","correct":false,"count":"2,342"}]
"text":"Dust","correct":false,"count":"415"},{"text":"Strike","correct":false,"count":"1,060"},{"text":"Read","correct":true,"count":"412"}]
"text":"John Grisham","correct":false,"count":"94"},{"text":"Danielle Steel","correct":true,"count":"107"},{"text":"Stephen King","correct":false,"count":"209"}]
"text":"Nerfing","correct":false,"count":"1,248"},{"text":"Surfing","correct":true,"count":"98,391"},{"text":"Turfing","correct":false,"count":"654"}]
"text":"76ers","correct":true,"count":"63,894"},{"text":"Bulls","correct":false,"count":"14,558"},{"text":"Timberwolves","correct":false,"count":"17,681"}]
"text":"Clemson","correct":true,"count":"49,480"},{"text":"Auburn","correct":false,"count":"8,209"},{"text":"Florida State","correct":false,"count":"6,752"}]
"text":"Holding","correct":false,"count":"10,850"},{"text":"Encroachment","correct":true,"count":"37,798"},{"text":"Roughing the kicker","correct":false,"count":"1,154"}]
"text":"Cuba","correct":false,"count":"14,308"},{"text":"USA","correct":false,"count":"6,368"},{"text":"Japan","correct":true,"count":"18,727"}]
"text":"Lions","correct":false,"count":"5,208"},{"text":"Buccaneers","correct":true,"count":"5,929"},{"text":"Browns","correct":false,"count":"10,326"}]
"text":"Italy","correct":false,"count":"1,402"},{"text":"France","correct":true,"count":"6,660"},{"text":"Germany","correct":false,"count":"779"}]
"text":"Equestrian","correct":true,"count":"4,717"},{"text":"Archery","correct":false,"count":"2,043"},{"text":"Diving","correct":false,"count":"124"}]
"text":"Louisville","correct":false,"count":"653"},{"text":"UConn","correct":true,"count":"2,709"},{"text":"Florida","correct":false,"count":"1,626"}]
"text":"Six","correct":false,"count":"707"},{"text":"Four","correct":false,"count":"1,013"},{"text":"Two","correct":true,"count":"1,482"}]
"text":"Chris Evert","correct":false,"count":"125"},{"text":"Jennifer Capriati","correct":true,"count":"1,016"},{"text":"Martina Hingis","correct":false,"count":"677"}]
"text":"Cecil Fielder","correct":false,"count":"696"},{"text":"Ken Griffey, Sr.","correct":false,"count":"196"},{"text":"Bobby Bonds","correct":true,"count":"275"}]
"text":"Charlie Kaufman","correct":false,"count":"2,146"},{"text":"Jack Torrance","correct":false,"count":"2,209"},{"text":"William Shakespeare","correct":true,"count":"435,285"}]
"text":"Breakfast at Tiffany’s","correct":true,"count":"382,727"},{"text":"Naked Lunch","correct":false,"count":"20,565"},{"text":"My Dinner with Andre","correct":false,"count":"25,600"}]
"text":"Charlotte’s Web","correct":false,"count":"142,295"},{"text":"Babe","correct":true,"count":"236,437"},{"text":"Okja","correct":false,"count":"2,872"}]
"text":"The Hurt Locker","correct":true,"count":"190,071"},{"text":"Pearl Harbor","correct":false,"count":"21,651"},{"text":"Apocalypse Now","correct":false,"count":"34,652"}]
"text":"Pitbull","correct":false,"count":"23,935"},{"text":"Black lab","correct":false,"count":"46,461"},{"text":"Beagle","correct":true,"count":"122,594"}]
"text":"Jim Henson","correct":false,"count":"40,522"},{"text":"The baby","correct":false,"count":"6,798"},{"text":"David Bowie","correct":true,"count":"82,139"}]
"text":"Home Alone 2","correct":false,"count":"38,516"},{"text":"My Girl","correct":true,"count":"25,668"},{"text":"Richie Rich","correct":false,"count":"22,787"}]
"text":"Steel Magnolias","correct":false,"count":"12,150"},{"text":"Driving Miss Daisy","correct":false,"count":"8,750"},{"text":"The Notebook","correct":true,"count":"12,368"}]
"text":"Alien","correct":false,"count":"2,717"},{"text":"Aliens","correct":true,"count":"7,660"},{"text":"Alien 3","correct":false,"count":"4,374"}]
"text":"David Lynch","correct":false,"count":"1,699"},{"text":"Terrence Malick","correct":false,"count":"5,396"},{"text":"Edgar Wright","correct":true,"count":"1,542"}]
"text":"Cruel Intentions","correct":false,"count":"922"},{"text":"She’s All That","correct":false,"count":"575"},{"text":"Bring It On","correct":true,"count":"2,360"}]
"text":"Stan Lee","correct":true,"count":"209,360"},{"text":"Mark Twain","correct":false,"count":"2,984"},{"text":"William Shakespeare","correct":false,"count":"855"}]
"text":"Brunch","correct":false,"count":"14,079"},{"text":"Hanging Tough","correct":false,"count":"27,465"},{"text":"Nothingness","correct":true,"count":"135,058"}]
"text":"Mars","correct":false,"count":"20,721"},{"text":"Mercury","correct":true,"count":"105,877"},{"text":"Venus","correct":false,"count":"9,170"}]
"text":"Microphone in charge","correct":false,"count":"11,969"},{"text":"Make chitchat","correct":false,"count":"719"},{"text":"Master of ceremonies","correct":true,"count":"93,335"}]
"text":"Groot","correct":false,"count":"17,186"},{"text":"Rocket Raccoon","correct":false,"count":"18,743"},{"text":"Deadpool","correct":true,"count":"55,754"}]
"text":"Fish","correct":false,"count":"3,398"},{"text":"Iguana","correct":true,"count":"44,830"},{"text":"Spider","correct":false,"count":"8,746"}]
"text":"George W. Bush","correct":false,"count":"16,037"},{"text":"Bill Clinton","correct":true,"count":"18,165"},{"text":"George HW Bush","correct":false,"count":"10,705"}]
"text":"RoboCop","correct":false,"count":"6,154"},{"text":"Resident Evil","correct":false,"count":"5,721"},{"text":"Alien","correct":true,"count":"8,383"}]
"text":"Wizards","correct":false,"count":"5,424"},{"text":"Celtics","correct":false,"count":"937"},{"text":"Cavaliers","correct":true,"count":"3,601"}]
"text":"Wellerism","correct":false,"count":"1,441"},{"text":"Churchillian drift","correct":true,"count":"2,110"},{"text":"Freudian slip","correct":false,"count":"981"}]
"text":"Brand name reference","correct":true,"count":"1,097"},{"text":"Drug reference","correct":false,"count":"314"},{"text":"“Immoral” reference","correct":false,"count":"1,063"}]
"text":"Mel Brooks","correct":false,"count":"226"},{"text":"Buck Henry","correct":false,"count":"199"},{"text":"Carl Reiner","correct":true,"count":"924"}]
"text":"Outer space","correct":false,"count":"3,327"},{"text":"NYC subway tunnels","correct":false,"count":"18,731"},{"text":"France","correct":true,"count":"344,675"}]
"text":"Online shopping cart","correct":false,"count":"16,699"},{"text":"Debit card","correct":false,"count":"12,092"},{"text":"Plant","correct":true,"count":"313,106"}]
"text":"West Side Story","correct":true,"count":"266,087"},{"text":"Avenue Q","correct":false,"count":"26,932"},{"text":"Evita","correct":false,"count":"17,354"}]
"text":"Coldplay","correct":false,"count":"48,995"},{"text":"Matchbox 20","correct":false,"count":"27,534"},{"text":"Green Day","correct":true,"count":"188,323"}]
"text":"Chicago","correct":true,"count":"148,178"},{"text":"Fiddler on the Roof","correct":false,"count":"27,684"},{"text":"The King and I","correct":false,"count":"15,067"}]
"text":"Beauty and the Beast","correct":true,"count":"71,888"},{"text":"Aladdin","correct":false,"count":"15,474"},{"text":"The Little Mermaid","correct":false,"count":"60,663"}]
"text":"Goldie Hawn","correct":false,"count":"27,461"},{"text":"Meryl Streep","correct":false,"count":"27,016"},{"text":"Diane Keaton","correct":true,"count":"24,088"}]
"text":"Strife","correct":false,"count":"4,885"},{"text":"Deep sleeps","correct":true,"count":"18,740"},{"text":"Inches","correct":false,"count":"7,930"}]
"text":"Spamalot","correct":true,"count":"7,563"},{"text":"Legally Blonde","correct":false,"count":"7,596"},{"text":"Rock of Ages","correct":false,"count":"5,155"}]
"text":"I want some more!","correct":true,"count":"3,038"}]
"text":"Kinky Boots","correct":false,"count":"663"},{"text":"The Full Monty","correct":true,"count":"1,208"},{"text":"The Color Purple","correct":false,"count":"1,930"}]
"text":"Sneak","correct":true,"count":"127,437"},{"text":"Peek","correct":false,"count":"6,370"},{"text":"Yeet","correct":false,"count":"1,631"}]
"text":"Long iron","correct":false,"count":"6,828"},{"text":"Driver","correct":false,"count":"46,417"},{"text":"Wedge","correct":true,"count":"71,214"}]
"text":"Alex Cora","correct":false,"count":"33,136"},{"text":"Bob Melvin","correct":true,"count":"32,655"},{"text":"Kevin Cash","correct":false,"count":"6,953"}]
"text":"Lead league in rebounds","correct":false,"count":"2,927"},{"text":"Win a dunk contest","correct":true,"count":"28,301"},{"text":"Be drafted in 1st round","correct":false,"count":"3,468"}]
"text":"Shohei Ohtani","correct":true,"count":"12,357"},{"text":"Babe Ruth","correct":false,"count":"11,364"},{"text":"Wes Ferrell","correct":false,"count":"2,707"}]
"text":"Colts","correct":false,"count":"3,571"},{"text":"Dolphins","correct":false,"count":"3,303"},{"text":"Patriots","correct":true,"count":"6,580"}]
"text":"Michigan State","correct":false,"count":"1,345"},{"text":"Kansas","correct":true,"count":"4,528"},{"text":"Gonzaga","correct":false,"count":"1,435"}]
"text":"Wilma Rudolph","correct":true,"count":"2,763"},{"text":"Florence Griffith Joyner","correct":false,"count":"1,168"},{"text":"Gail Devers","correct":false,"count":"941"}]
"text":"Play rock/paper/scissors","correct":true,"count":"2,294"},{"text":"Guess a number","correct":false,"count":"496"},{"text":"Thumb wrestle","correct":false,"count":"300"}]
"text":"Alex Ovechkin","correct":false,"count":"406"},{"text":"Wayne Gretzky","correct":false,"count":"409"},{"text":"Mario Lemieux","correct":true,"count":"1,596"}]
"text":"Phillies / Royals","correct":true,"count":"705"},{"text":"Blue Jays / Braves","correct":false,"count":"574"},{"text":"Mets / Orioles","correct":false,"count":"315"}]
"text":"Devin Booker","correct":false,"count":"249"},{"text":"Larry Bird","correct":false,"count":"273"},{"text":"Craig Hodges","correct":true,"count":"402"}]
"text":"Spanish","correct":false,"count":"5,912"},{"text":"Dutch","correct":false,"count":"17,248"},{"text":"Parseltongue","correct":true,"count":"750,483"}]
"text":"Expecto Patronum","correct":false,"count":"136,320"},{"text":"Riddikulus","correct":false,"count":"32,246"},{"text":"Petrificus Totalus","correct":true,"count":"569,520"}]
"text":"Miggle","correct":false,"count":"93,744"},{"text":"No-Maj","correct":true,"count":"458,947"},{"text":"Bad-Spell","correct":false,"count":"23,893"}]
"text":"Alastor","correct":true,"count":"396,705"},{"text":"Mundungus","correct":false,"count":"62,100"},{"text":"Bastien","correct":false,"count":"12,288"}]
"text":"Nicolas Flamel","correct":true,"count":"306,910"},{"text":"Newt Scamander","correct":false,"count":"27,359"},{"text":"Gellert Grindelwald","correct":false,"count":"69,451"}]
"text":"Warty toads","correct":true,"count":"36,206"},{"text":"Scabby knees","correct":false,"count":"96,866"},{"text":"Rotting brains","correct":false,"count":"182,993"}]
"text":"Line","correct":false,"count":"7,891"},{"text":"Circle","correct":false,"count":"16,378"},{"text":"Triangle","correct":true,"count":"82,005"}]
"text":"Quaffle","correct":false,"count":"9,024"},{"text":"Bludger","correct":false,"count":"23,866"},{"text":"Snitch","correct":true,"count":"50,392"}]
"text":"His sibling","correct":true,"count":"32,121"},{"text":"His mother","correct":false,"count":"5,651"},{"text":"Grindelwald","correct":false,"count":"14,560"}]
"text":"Dueling with Dragons","correct":false,"count":"10,126"},{"text":"Break with a Banshee","correct":true,"count":"18,440"},{"text":"Picnic with Poltergeists","correct":false,"count":"4,754"}]
"text":"Powdered bicorn horn","correct":false,"count":"6,077"},{"text":"Person’s hair","correct":true,"count":"2,401"},{"text":"Fluxweed","correct":false,"count":"10,916"}]
"text":"Ministry of Magic","correct":true,"count":"697"},{"text":"Ilvermorny School","correct":false,"count":"1,418"},{"text":"Department of Mysteries","correct":false,"count":"2,311"}]
"text":"Quaffle-pocking","correct":false,"count":"215"},{"text":"Blatching","correct":false,"count":"265"},{"text":"Haversacking","correct":true,"count":"486"}]
"text":"Fire crab","correct":false,"count":"76"},{"text":"Ashwinder","correct":true,"count":"376"},{"text":"Phoenix","correct":false,"count":"51"}]
"text":"Small intestine","correct":false,"count":"1,626"},{"text":"Carburetor","correct":true,"count":"201,219"},{"text":"Gallbladder","correct":false,"count":"1,146"}]
"text":"Harry Potters","correct":false,"count":"1,355"},{"text":"Bobbies","correct":true,"count":"195,330"},{"text":"Frank Sinatras","correct":false,"count":"2,103"}]
"text":"Praying mantis","correct":false,"count":"46,202"},{"text":"Cougar","correct":false,"count":"13,570"},{"text":"Elephant","correct":true,"count":"131,577"}]
"text":"Glitter","correct":true,"count":"51,025"},{"text":"Crossroads","correct":false,"count":"42,179"},{"text":"Evita","correct":false,"count":"30,489"}]
"text":"Nathan Hale","correct":true,"count":"20,759"},{"text":"Patrick Henry","correct":false,"count":"22,221"},{"text":"Benedict Arnold","correct":false,"count":"10,343"}]
"text":"Juan Perón","correct":false,"count":"2,074"},{"text":"Simón Bolívar","correct":false,"count":"5,066"},{"text":"Che Guevara","correct":true,"count":"15,688"}]
"text":"Jurassic World","correct":false,"count":"943"},{"text":"The Incredibles","correct":false,"count":"3,582"},{"text":"The Hunger Games","correct":true,"count":"11,460"}]
"text":"Prince Charles","correct":true,"count":"5,413"},{"text":"Queen Elizabeth II","correct":false,"count":"1,641"},{"text":"Meghan Duchess of Sussex","correct":false,"count":"4,277"}]
"text":"Manitoba","correct":false,"count":"598"},{"text":"Ontario","correct":true,"count":"5,577"},{"text":"Quebec","correct":false,"count":"643"}]
"text":"Sabermetrics","correct":false,"count":"232"},{"text":"Acoustics","correct":false,"count":"1,690"},{"text":"Fluid dynamics","correct":true,"count":"3,762"}]
"text":"Eagles","correct":false,"count":"993"},{"text":"Packers","correct":false,"count":"1,053"},{"text":"Bears","correct":true,"count":"2,086"}]
"text":"Puff Daddy","correct":false,"count":"358"},{"text":"Chamillionaire","correct":true,"count":"1,073"},{"text":"Coolio","correct":false,"count":"1,109"}]
"text":"Plymouth Rock","correct":true,"count":"320,596"},{"text":"The Alamo","correct":false,"count":"10,827"},{"text":"In your DMs","correct":false,"count":"1,028"}]
"text":"Chiptune","correct":false,"count":"628"},{"text":"Rock n roll","correct":true,"count":"318,119"},{"text":"Trap music","correct":false,"count":"522"}]
"text":"Chicken thighs","correct":false,"count":"7,753"},{"text":"Potatoes","correct":true,"count":"283,446"},{"text":"Beets","correct":false,"count":"22,357"}]
"text":"SVU","correct":false,"count":"33,185"},{"text":"CSI","correct":false,"count":"51,932"},{"text":"NCIS","correct":true,"count":"195,372"}]
"text":"Pectoral fin","correct":false,"count":"7,542"},{"text":"Dorsal fin","correct":true,"count":"186,632"},{"text":"Ventral fin","correct":false,"count":"4,577"}]
"text":"’70s","correct":false,"count":"36,483"},{"text":"’80s","correct":false,"count":"79,829"},{"text":"’90s","correct":true,"count":"67,979"}]
"text":"Excitebike","correct":false,"count":"21,999"},{"text":"Paperboy","correct":true,"count":"40,150"},{"text":"Dirt Fox","correct":false,"count":"11,916"}]
"text":"Teddy Roosevelt","correct":false,"count":"10,836"},{"text":"George Washington","correct":true,"count":"17,148"},{"text":"Ulysses S. Grant","correct":false,"count":"15,710"}]
"text":"Chicago","correct":true,"count":"11,068"},{"text":"Fargo","correct":false,"count":"5,198"},{"text":"Milwaukee","correct":false,"count":"5,083"}]
"text":"Right-handed","correct":false,"count":"104"},{"text":"On the home team","correct":true,"count":"11,216"},{"text":"A pinch hitter","correct":false,"count":"1,074"}]
"text":"We Belong Together","correct":true,"count":"3,428"},{"text":"Let It Go","correct":false,"count":"1,460"},{"text":"My Heart Will Go On","correct":false,"count":"6,104"}]
"text":"Downtown Dallas","correct":false,"count":"3,056"},{"text":"Buckingham Palace","correct":true,"count":"311,659"},{"text":"Shipping container","correct":false,"count":"1,542"}]
"text":"Japanese","correct":false,"count":"1,769"},{"text":"Latin","correct":true,"count":"296,963"},{"text":"Canadian French","correct":false,"count":"9,807"}]
"text":"Louisiana","correct":true,"count":"161,667"},{"text":"Mississippi","correct":false,"count":"50,219"},{"text":"Florida","correct":false,"count":"76,431"}]
"text":"Spicier","correct":false,"count":"2,731"},{"text":"Thicker","correct":true,"count":"159,954"},{"text":"Includes beef","correct":false,"count":"4,806"}]
"text":"Mark Twain","correct":false,"count":"41,014"},{"text":"Prohibition","correct":false,"count":"23,910"},{"text":"Football","correct":true,"count":"91,590"}]
"text":"Popular music","correct":false,"count":"15,645"},{"text":"Rocketry","correct":true,"count":"18,229"},{"text":"Civil rights law","correct":false,"count":"55,875"}]
"text":"Fantasia","correct":false,"count":"12,159"},{"text":"Mary Poppins","correct":true,"count":"8,675"},{"text":"Snow White","correct":false,"count":"6,486"}]
"text":"John Lennon","correct":false,"count":"2,936"},{"text":"The Ramones","correct":true,"count":"5,992"},{"text":"KISS","correct":false,"count":"2,382"}]
"text":"Carbon","correct":false,"count":"1,513"},{"text":"Chlorine","correct":false,"count":"614"},{"text":"Sodium","correct":true,"count":"4,472"}]
"text":"Lions","correct":false,"count":"1,147"},{"text":"Vikings","correct":false,"count":"1,663"},{"text":"Eagles","correct":true,"count":"1,870"}]
"text":"Jane’s Addiction","correct":false,"count":"277"},{"text":"Faith No More","correct":true,"count":"1,649"},{"text":"Cake","correct":false,"count":"198"}]
"text":"Knott’s Berry Farm","correct":false,"count":"2,923"},{"text":"Egypt","correct":true,"count":"283,728"},{"text":"The Bronx","correct":false,"count":"2,669"}]
"text":"Liver and onions","correct":false,"count":"2,608"},{"text":"Barbecue burnt ends","correct":false,"count":"1,285"},{"text":"Garden salad","correct":true,"count":"267,071"}]
"text":"Clarinet","correct":true,"count":"237,301"},{"text":"Timpani","correct":false,"count":"12,266"},{"text":"Xylophone","correct":false,"count":"11,472"}]
"text":"The ghosts","correct":true,"count":"189,500"},{"text":"Pac-Man","correct":false,"count":"38,714"},{"text":"Ms. Pac-Man","correct":false,"count":"4,274"}]
"text":"Goat","correct":true,"count":"61,906"},{"text":"Sheep","correct":false,"count":"71,109"},{"text":"Lamb","correct":false,"count":"56,918"}]
"text":"Rubens","correct":false,"count":"18,763"},{"text":"Monet","correct":false,"count":"20,100"},{"text":"Rembrandt","correct":true,"count":"31,463"}]
"text":"Tennessee","correct":false,"count":"5,854"},{"text":"Delaware","correct":false,"count":"9,828"},{"text":"Virginia","correct":true,"count":"19,579"}]
"text":"Jiminy","correct":true,"count":"4,076"},{"text":"Gepetto","correct":false,"count":"9,781"},{"text":"Pinocchio","correct":false,"count":"7,528"}]
"text":"Magnolia","correct":false,"count":"614"},{"text":"Tropic Thunder","correct":false,"count":"1,242"},{"text":"Days of Thunder","correct":true,"count":"5,223"}]
"text":"Smoke signals","correct":false,"count":"265"},{"text":"Pigeons","correct":true,"count":"4,002"},{"text":"Church bells","correct":false,"count":"1,208"}]
"text":"Oubliette","correct":true,"count":"2,359"},{"text":"Borstal","correct":false,"count":"728"},{"text":"Panopticon","correct":false,"count":"1,058"}]
"text":"Leif Erickson","correct":false,"count":"4,038"},{"text":"The Green Monster","correct":false,"count":"10,230"},{"text":"Kale","correct":true,"count":"520,219"}]
"text":"Line cook","correct":true,"count":"479,207"},{"text":"Swedish Chef","correct":false,"count":"14,191"},{"text":"Line-Manuel Miranda","correct":false,"count":"1,420"}]
"text":"Frisbee / golf","correct":true,"count":"455,825"},{"text":"French / golf","correct":false,"count":"13,899"},{"text":"Freaky / wolf","correct":false,"count":"1,201"}]
"text":"It’s for the best.","correct":true,"count":"423,343"},{"text":"Its’ for the best.","correct":false,"count":"7,972"},{"text":"Its for the best.","correct":false,"count":"19,570"}]
"text":"Mortadella","correct":true,"count":"217,614"},{"text":"Hen of the woods","correct":false,"count":"146,562"},{"text":"Porcini","correct":false,"count":"56,938"}]
"text":"Jupiter","correct":false,"count":"32,499"},{"text":"Neptune","correct":true,"count":"192,934"},{"text":"Saturn","correct":false,"count":"16,989"}]
"text":"Yards","correct":false,"count":"12,952"},{"text":"Meters","correct":true,"count":"184,743"},{"text":"Feet","correct":false,"count":"1,650"}]
"text":"Fox","correct":false,"count":"45,698"},{"text":"The CW","correct":true,"count":"77,086"},{"text":"NBC","correct":false,"count":"61,369"}]
"text":"Albion","correct":false,"count":"21,715"},{"text":"Columbia","correct":true,"count":"56,365"},{"text":"Anglia","correct":false,"count":"18,385"}]
"text":"Tongue print","correct":false,"count":"13,863"},{"text":"Heel print","correct":true,"count":"10,680"},{"text":"Lip print","correct":false,"count":"13,790"}]
"text":"Aristotle","correct":false,"count":"3,477"},{"text":"Socrates","correct":false,"count":"4,721"},{"text":"Plato","correct":true,"count":"7,002"}]
"text":"Daytime soap opera","correct":true,"count":"4,137"},{"text":"Medical drama","correct":false,"count":"2,705"},{"text":"Nature show","correct":false,"count":"984"}]
"text":"Jo","correct":false,"count":"1,225"},{"text":"Meg","correct":false,"count":"967"},{"text":"Amy","correct":true,"count":"2,364"}]
"text":"Breakfast sausages","correct":false,"count":"544"},{"text":"Potato chips","correct":false,"count":"531"},{"text":"Chocolate chip cookies","correct":true,"count":"1,447"}]
"text":"Giraffe’s long neck","correct":false,"count":"152"},{"text":"Peacock's tail feather","correct":true,"count":"1,162"},{"text":"Tortoise’s shell","correct":false,"count":"121"}]
"text":"Shania Twain","correct":false,"count":"655"},{"text":"Paula Abdul","correct":false,"count":"145"},{"text":"Milli Vanilli","correct":true,"count":"319"}]
"text":"Kazakhstan","correct":true,"count":"273"},{"text":"Turkmenistan","correct":false,"count":"26"},{"text":"Uzbekistan","correct":false,"count":"17"}]
"text":"Chicago","correct":false,"count":"24"},{"text":"Boston","correct":false,"count":"55"},{"text":"London","correct":true,"count":"155"}]
"text":"Doink","correct":false,"count":"2,323"},{"text":"Bump","correct":true,"count":"102,101"},{"text":"Splat","correct":false,"count":"2,133"}]
"text":"Silver Spikes","correct":false,"count":"3,741"},{"text":"Platinum Plate","correct":false,"count":"5,333"},{"text":"Gold Glove","correct":true,"count":"87,539"}]
"text":"Pete Sampras","correct":false,"count":"20,314"},{"text":"Jimmy Connors","correct":false,"count":"20,699"},{"text":"Roger Federer","correct":true,"count":"44,195"}]
"text":"Lakers","correct":false,"count":"3,152"},{"text":"Spurs","correct":true,"count":"38,037"},{"text":"Bulls","correct":false,"count":"4,401"}]
"text":"Brother’s name","correct":false,"count":"16,802"},{"text":"Her initials","correct":true,"count":"16,143"},{"text":"Mayor’s name","correct":false,"count":"4,459"}]
"text":"Discus","correct":true,"count":"4,648"},{"text":"Javelin","correct":false,"count":"2,791"},{"text":"Hammer","correct":false,"count":"10,734"}]
"text":"Joe Montana","correct":false,"count":"902"},{"text":"Tom Brady","correct":false,"count":"2,253"},{"text":"Peyton Manning","correct":true,"count":"2,863"}]
"text":"Edmonton Oilers","correct":false,"count":"983"},{"text":"Colorado Avalanche","correct":true,"count":"998"},{"text":"Boston Bruins","correct":false,"count":"1,201"}]
"text":"Notre Dame","correct":false,"count":"463"},{"text":"Tennessee","correct":false,"count":"445"},{"text":"Baylor","correct":true,"count":"347"}]
"text":"NBA Dunk Champion","correct":false,"count":"157"},{"text":"NHL MVP","correct":false,"count":"159"},{"text":"Super Bowl MVP","correct":true,"count":"157"}]
"text":"Arnold Palmer","correct":true,"count":"120"},{"text":"Gene Sarazen","correct":false,"count":"36"},{"text":"Gary Player","correct":false,"count":"54"}]
"text":"Complete games","correct":false,"count":"37"},{"text":"Hits","correct":true,"count":"70"},{"text":"ERA","correct":false,"count":"22"}]
"text":"Mark Sanchez","correct":false,"count":"13,767"},{"text":"Bob Vila","correct":false,"count":"11,132"},{"text":"Thanos","correct":true,"count":"461,989"}]
"text":"Groot is good","correct":false,"count":"19,439"},{"text":"I am Groot","correct":true,"count":"419,366"},{"text":"Call me Groot","correct":false,"count":"7,050"}]
"text":"Daredevil","correct":true,"count":"358,678"},{"text":"Hawkeye","correct":false,"count":"32,553"},{"text":"Black Widow","correct":false,"count":"21,262"}]
"text":"Doesn't have one","correct":false,"count":"84,639"},{"text":"Erik","correct":true,"count":"216,318"},{"text":"Stephen","correct":false,"count":"55,351"}]
"text":"The Avengers","correct":false,"count":"103,105"},{"text":"Thor","correct":false,"count":"42,408"},{"text":"Iron Man","correct":true,"count":"76,848"}]
"text":"Black Panther","correct":true,"count":"56,919"},{"text":"Thor: Ragnarok","correct":false,"count":"25,736"},{"text":"Doctor Strange","correct":false,"count":"17,317"}]
"text":"Dr. Donald Blake","correct":true,"count":"39,038"},{"text":"Bruce Banner","correct":false,"count":"3,298"},{"text":"Kenneth Branagh","correct":false,"count":"19,172"}]
"text":"My secret son","correct":false,"count":"1,408"},{"text":"Spider-Boy","correct":false,"count":"7,275"},{"text":"Underoos","correct":true,"count":"32,670"}]
"text":"Pepper Potts","correct":false,"count":"632"},{"text":"Captain America","correct":true,"count":"29,315"},{"text":"Hulk","correct":false,"count":"3,487"}]
"text":"Venom","correct":false,"count":"4,538"},{"text":"Ant-Man","correct":true,"count":"17,587"},{"text":"Doctor Strange","correct":false,"count":"7,338"}]
"text":"Thor: Ragnarok","correct":true,"count":"9,785"},{"text":"The Incredible Hulk","correct":false,"count":"4,506"},{"text":"The Avengers","correct":false,"count":"4,531"}]
"text":"Flashes of inspiration","correct":false,"count":"1,527"},{"text":"Black holes","correct":false,"count":"3,571"},{"text":"Moon","correct":true,"count":"189,501"}]
"text":"Seequicklies","correct":false,"count":"6,787"},{"text":"Smellsoftlies","correct":false,"count":"3,219"},{"text":"Speakeasies","correct":true,"count":"175,698"}]
"text":"Lebron James","correct":false,"count":"65,705"},{"text":"Danny Devito","correct":false,"count":"45,625"},{"text":"Zendaya","correct":true,"count":"55,592"}]
"text":"Spy","correct":false,"count":"5,405"},{"text":"Trapper","correct":false,"count":"20,846"},{"text":"Monk","correct":true,"count":"32,368"}]
"text":"It’s in black and white","correct":false,"count":"3,409"},{"text":"Rating is PG-13","correct":true,"count":"20,883"},{"text":"Stars different actor","correct":false,"count":"7,123"}]
"text":"Italy","correct":true,"count":"10,296"},{"text":"Sweden","correct":false,"count":"6,367"},{"text":"Ireland","correct":false,"count":"3,827"}]
"text":"Liver","correct":true,"count":"10,272"},{"text":"Heart","correct":false,"count":"115"},{"text":"Lung","correct":false,"count":"528"}]
"text":"Mirage","correct":false,"count":"1,546"},{"text":"Behind the Mask","correct":true,"count":"5,173"},{"text":"Tango in the Night","correct":false,"count":"3,242"}]
"text":"Multi-level marketing","correct":true,"count":"5,484"},{"text":"Business-to-business","correct":false,"count":"752"},{"text":"Animated commercials","correct":false,"count":"78"}]
"text":"Princess Diana","correct":true,"count":"1,767"},{"text":"Prince Harry","correct":false,"count":"1,815"},{"text":"Princess Margaret","correct":false,"count":"2,046"}]
"text":"The Shining","correct":false,"count":"214"},{"text":"Dr. Strangelove","correct":true,"count":"1,922"},{"text":"2001: A Space Odyssey","correct":false,"count":"623"}]
"text":"Presque vu","correct":false,"count":"315"},{"text":"Déjà rêvé","correct":false,"count":"242"},{"text":"Jamais vu","correct":true,"count":"1,478"}]
"text":"Batman","correct":true,"count":"331,144"},{"text":"Face the Nation","correct":false,"count":"5,088"},{"text":"The Golden Girls","correct":false,"count":"8,207"}]
"text":"Coach","correct":true,"count":"320,951"},{"text":"Linebacker","correct":false,"count":"5,199"},{"text":"MVP","correct":false,"count":"1,917"}]
"text":"Windows","correct":true,"count":"292,722"},{"text":"Android","correct":false,"count":"7,112"},{"text":"iOS","correct":false,"count":"15,783"}]
"text":"Bass","correct":true,"count":"171,405"},{"text":"Baritone","correct":false,"count":"97,446"},{"text":"Tenor","correct":false,"count":"22,456"}]
"text":"Speed of light","correct":true,"count":"108,790"},{"text":"Speed of sound","correct":false,"count":"32,270"},{"text":"Speed of plane","correct":false,"count":"33,367"}]
"text":"Meat","correct":false,"count":"26,095"},{"text":"Dressing","correct":false,"count":"27,606"},{"text":"Bread","correct":true,"count":"58,091"}]
"text":"Sea foam","correct":true,"count":"32,689"},{"text":"Slain bull","correct":false,"count":"4,380"},{"text":"Jupiter’s heart","correct":false,"count":"23,858"}]
"text":"Vladimir","correct":false,"count":"3,764"},{"text":"Godot","correct":true,"count":"26,224"},{"text":"Estragon","correct":false,"count":"5,099"}]
"text":"Tornadoes","correct":false,"count":"9,036"},{"text":"Flood","correct":false,"count":"2,869"},{"text":"Earthquakes","correct":true,"count":"15,399"}]
"text":"Hawaii","correct":true,"count":"10,962"},{"text":"Idaho","correct":false,"count":"3,394"},{"text":"Florida","correct":false,"count":"2,224"}]
"text":"Children","correct":true,"count":"7,352"},{"text":"Travelers","correct":false,"count":"2,098"},{"text":"Office workers","correct":false,"count":"2,838"}]
"text":"Avocados","correct":false,"count":"1,951"},{"text":"Tomatoes","correct":false,"count":"1,780"},{"text":"Apples","correct":true,"count":"341,504"}]
"text":"Boat","correct":true,"count":"324,072"},{"text":"Racecar","correct":false,"count":"2,546"},{"text":"Zeppelin","correct":false,"count":"6,882"}]
"text":"Ranch","correct":true,"count":"275,158"},{"text":"French","correct":false,"count":"12,995"},{"text":"Italian","correct":false,"count":"26,843"}]
"text":"Pop berries","correct":false,"count":"85,931"},{"text":"Stink berries","correct":false,"count":"50,183"},{"text":"Bounce berries","correct":true,"count":"132,878"}]
"text":"Dinner roll","correct":true,"count":"130,863"},{"text":"Buttermilk biscuit","correct":false,"count":"8,285"},{"text":"Cornbread","correct":false,"count":"3,883"}]
"text":"Inside a large turkey","correct":false,"count":"7,222"},{"text":"Inside a small turkey","correct":false,"count":"3,889"},{"text":"By itself","correct":true,"count":"119,487"}]
"text":"Cumin","correct":false,"count":"20,903"},{"text":"Dried pumpkin","correct":false,"count":"4,755"},{"text":"Ginger","correct":true,"count":"94,124"}]
"text":"Waldorf pudding","correct":false,"count":"42,950"},{"text":"Trifle","correct":false,"count":"14,582"},{"text":"Watergate salad","correct":true,"count":"37,714"}]
"text":"PEEH-can","correct":false,"count":"7,439"},{"text":"pih-KAHN","correct":false,"count":"12,536"},{"text":"Both","correct":true,"count":"25,299"}]
"text":"Yam","correct":true,"count":"23,830"},{"text":"Sweet potato","correct":false,"count":"3,841"},{"text":"Potato","correct":false,"count":"2,318"}]
"text":"Soup","correct":true,"count":"13,371"},{"text":"Green beans","correct":false,"count":"5,440"},{"text":"Onions","correct":false,"count":"6,152"}]
"text":"Spruce goose","correct":false,"count":"2,103"},{"text":"Pigskin","correct":true,"count":"112,376"},{"text":"Lizard Boy","correct":false,"count":"1,138"}]
"text":"Sweet potato pie","correct":false,"count":"4,969"},{"text":"Turkey leg","correct":true,"count":"100,436"},{"text":"Spiked apple cider","correct":false,"count":"2,114"}]
"text":"Infinite","correct":true,"count":"86,028"},{"text":"Zero","correct":false,"count":"2,599"},{"text":"One","correct":false,"count":"9,946"}]
"text":"Troy Aikman","correct":false,"count":"12,661"},{"text":"Kurt Warner","correct":true,"count":"61,734"},{"text":"Steve Young","correct":false,"count":"10,094"}]
"text":"Bears","correct":false,"count":"2,486"},{"text":"Cowboys","correct":false,"count":"21,462"},{"text":"Lions","correct":true,"count":"37,770"}]
"text":"Quarter","correct":false,"count":"3,761"},{"text":"Nickel","correct":false,"count":"15,206"},{"text":"Dime","correct":true,"count":"21,277"}]
"text":"Le'Veon Bell","correct":false,"count":"1,312"},{"text":"Adrian Peterson","correct":false,"count":"19,214"},{"text":"Doug Martin","correct":true,"count":"3,209"}]
"text":"Walter Payton","correct":true,"count":"5,780"},{"text":"William Perry","correct":false,"count":"250"},{"text":"Jim McMahon","correct":false,"count":"1,098"}]
"text":"Peyton Manning","correct":false,"count":"1,157"},{"text":"Brett Favre","correct":false,"count":"1,283"},{"text":"Tom Brady","correct":true,"count":"3,398"}]
"text":"Flanker","correct":false,"count":"1,159"},{"text":"Split end","correct":true,"count":"2,401"},{"text":"Halfback","correct":false,"count":"190"}]
"text":"49ers","correct":false,"count":"909"},{"text":"Bears","correct":false,"count":"643"},{"text":"Patriots","correct":true,"count":"984"}]
"text":"Aaron Rodgers","correct":false,"count":"127"},{"text":"Eli Manning","correct":true,"count":"847"},{"text":"John Elway","correct":false,"count":"162"}]
"text":"Pilgrims","correct":true,"count":"338,693"},{"text":"Philadelphia Phillies","correct":false,"count":"3,616"},{"text":"Pittsburgh Penguins","correct":false,"count":"1,727"}]
"text":"Dr. Phil","correct":false,"count":"2,718"},{"text":"Pauly Shore","correct":false,"count":"2,391"},{"text":"Snoopy","correct":true,"count":"330,907"}]
"text":"Martha Stewart","correct":true,"count":"206,823"},{"text":"Guy Fieri","correct":false,"count":"103,958"},{"text":"Giada De Laurentiis","correct":false,"count":"12,237"}]
"text":"Dallas Cowboys","correct":false,"count":"18,284"},{"text":"Detroit Lions","correct":false,"count":"40,934"},{"text":"New England Patriots","correct":true,"count":"155,569"}]
"text":"Yogurt","correct":true,"count":"74,723"},{"text":"Ladyfingers","correct":false,"count":"33,835"},{"text":"Sauteed beef","correct":false,"count":"45,344"}]
"text":"Throw it out the door","correct":true,"count":"52,314"},{"text":"Burn it","correct":false,"count":"15,871"},{"text":"Forget about it","correct":false,"count":"14,133"}]
"text":"Detroit","correct":false,"count":"5,036"},{"text":"New York City","correct":false,"count":"25,413"},{"text":"Philadelphia","correct":true,"count":"24,900"}]
"text":"Martin Scorsese","correct":true,"count":"9,750"},{"text":"Francis Ford Coppola","correct":false,"count":"9,270"},{"text":"Steven Spielberg","correct":false,"count":"9,300"}]
"text":"Natural disaster","correct":false,"count":"968"},{"text":"Shopping initiative","correct":true,"count":"5,883"},{"text":"Military operation","correct":false,"count":"5,926"}]
"text":"Onions","correct":true,"count":"2,377"},{"text":"Cranberry sauce","correct":false,"count":"649"},{"text":"Sweet potatoes","correct":false,"count":"3,771"}]
"text":"Winter Wonderland","correct":false,"count":"832"},{"text":"Jingle Bells","correct":true,"count":"1,853"},{"text":"White Christmas","correct":false,"count":"482"}]
"text":"Pauly D","correct":false,"count":"5,977"},{"text":"Roger","correct":false,"count":"93,621"},{"text":"Fred","correct":true,"count":"235,324"}]
"text":"Telekinesis","correct":false,"count":"723"},{"text":"Crank","correct":true,"count":"233,407"},{"text":"Magnets","correct":false,"count":"1,317"}]
"text":"Backstreet Boys","correct":true,"count":"147,160"},{"text":"NSYNC","correct":false,"count":"38,808"},{"text":"New Kids on the Block","correct":false,"count":"42,318"}]
"text":"Peas","correct":true,"count":"68,513"},{"text":"Carrots","correct":false,"count":"36,695"},{"text":"Cucumbers","correct":false,"count":"42,487"}]
"text":"Boeing 747","correct":false,"count":"9,119"},{"text":"Concorde","correct":true,"count":"54,374"},{"text":"Airbus A380","correct":false,"count":"9,528"}]
"text":"Regional Velvet","correct":false,"count":"4,433"},{"text":"International Velvet","correct":true,"count":"42,781"},{"text":"Galactic Velvet","correct":false,"count":"8,012"}]
"text":"Penny","correct":true,"count":"30,369"},{"text":"Quarter","correct":false,"count":"3,530"},{"text":"Dime","correct":false,"count":"8,544"}]
"text":"Coming to America","correct":false,"count":"7,446"},{"text":"Black Panther","correct":true,"count":"14,101"},{"text":"The Lion King","correct":false,"count":"8,769"}]
"text":"Jack","correct":false,"count":"659"},{"text":"Box","correct":false,"count":"4,516"},{"text":"Quiz","correct":true,"count":"11,850"}]
"text":"Teddy Roosevelt","correct":false,"count":"1,612"},{"text":"Harry Houdini","correct":true,"count":"3,134"},{"text":"Charlie Chaplin","correct":false,"count":"8,217"}]
"text":"Donald Fagan","correct":false,"count":"1,018"},{"text":"Donald Regan","correct":true,"count":"3,626"},{"text":"Arnold Kagan","correct":false,"count":"621"}]
"text":"Truck","correct":false,"count":"1,327"},{"text":"Submarine","correct":true,"count":"282,637"},{"text":"Helicopter","correct":false,"count":"619"}]
"text":"Keyboard","correct":false,"count":"816"},{"text":"Scanner","correct":false,"count":"413"},{"text":"Mouse","correct":true,"count":"279,486"}]
"text":"Guessing","correct":false,"count":"4,327"},{"text":"Tossing","correct":true,"count":"267,733"},{"text":"Running","correct":false,"count":"4,675"}]
"text":"Henri Matisse","correct":true,"count":"155,024"},{"text":"Johannes Vermeer","correct":false,"count":"37,767"},{"text":"Hieronymus Bosch","correct":false,"count":"70,361"}]
"text":"Ad hoc","correct":false,"count":"30,471"},{"text":"Ad nauseam","correct":false,"count":"33,128"},{"text":"Ad hominem","correct":true,"count":"91,498"}]
"text":"North Carolina","correct":false,"count":"8,927"},{"text":"Arizona","correct":true,"count":"29,002"},{"text":"Texas","correct":false,"count":"54,649"}]
"text":"Wham-O","correct":true,"count":"16,743"},{"text":"Galoob","correct":false,"count":"2,234"},{"text":"Nerf","correct":false,"count":"14,930"}]
"text":"Urkel O’s","correct":true,"count":"14,053"},{"text":"Urkel Flakes","correct":false,"count":"3,049"},{"text":"Urkel Honey Puffs","correct":false,"count":"2,013"}]
"text":"Her Majesty","correct":true,"count":"6,967"},{"text":"Blues #7","correct":false,"count":"5,468"},{"text":"Port of Call","correct":false,"count":"2,232"}]
"text":"Arithmetic","correct":false,"count":"2,420"},{"text":"Algebraic","correct":true,"count":"4,819"},{"text":"Geometric","correct":false,"count":"944"}]
"text":"Thriller","correct":false,"count":"1,897"},{"text":"Firework","correct":false,"count":"711"}]
"text":"A goat","correct":false,"count":"11,335"},{"text":"An extra life","correct":false,"count":"9,642"},{"text":"The grease","correct":true,"count":"490,582"}]
"text":"Movember Mouse","correct":false,"count":"266"},{"text":"Martha Mouse","correct":false,"count":"611"},{"text":"Minnie Mouse","correct":true,"count":"488,275"}]
"text":"In human intestines","correct":false,"count":"127,011"},{"text":"On a coastline","correct":false,"count":"160,325"},{"text":"On the internet","correct":true,"count":"188,241"}]
"text":"Romeo","correct":true,"count":"188,414"},{"text":"King Lear","correct":false,"count":"7,413"},{"text":"Hamlet","correct":false,"count":"15,339"}]
"text":"Vowel pattern","correct":false,"count":"52,832"},{"text":"Origin","correct":true,"count":"109,393"},{"text":"First letter","correct":false,"count":"23,480"}]
"text":"Gregor Mendel","correct":true,"count":"69,705"},{"text":"James Watson","correct":false,"count":"23,120"},{"text":"Francis Crick","correct":false,"count":"23,486"}]
"text":"Bar-ba-loot","correct":false,"count":"8,867"},{"text":"Zax","correct":true,"count":"35,749"},{"text":"Sneetch","correct":false,"count":"29,454"}]
"text":"Korn","correct":false,"count":"12,766"},{"text":"Goo Goo Dolls","correct":false,"count":"7,920"},{"text":"Squirrel Nut Zippers","correct":true,"count":"22,118"}]
"text":"Segway polo","correct":true,"count":"15,365"},{"text":"Virtual golf","correct":false,"count":"4,718"},{"text":"Drone jousting","correct":false,"count":"4,788"}]
"text":"Alberta","correct":true,"count":"11,983"},{"text":"Manitoba","correct":false,"count":"2,752"},{"text":"Saskatchewan","correct":false,"count":"2,680"}]
"text":"Cosmosphere","correct":false,"count":"3,577"},{"text":"Corona","correct":false,"count":"1,022"},{"text":"Coma","correct":true,"count":"8,270"}]
"text":"Father","correct":false,"count":"636"},{"text":"Son","correct":false,"count":"3,829"},{"text":"Brother","correct":true,"count":"5,063"}]
"text":"Oil drum","correct":false,"count":"185"},{"text":"Telephone","correct":false,"count":"1,197"},{"text":"Electric fan","correct":true,"count":"4,424"}]
"text":"Charlie's Angels","correct":false,"count":"601"},{"text":"Star Wars","correct":false,"count":"303"},{"text":"Rashomon","correct":true,"count":"3,665"}]
"text":"Bowl cut","correct":false,"count":"790"},{"text":"Uppercut","correct":true,"count":"95,658"},{"text":"Crew cut","correct":false,"count":"526"}]
"text":"Tiger Woods","correct":false,"count":"18,445"},{"text":"Phil Mickelson","correct":true,"count":"69,009"},{"text":"Jordan Spieth","correct":false,"count":"6,593"}]
"text":"Gonzaga","correct":true,"count":"47,689"},{"text":"Duke","correct":false,"count":"13,047"},{"text":"Kentucky","correct":false,"count":"8,232"}]
"text":"Colin Kaepernick","correct":false,"count":"11,635"},{"text":"Lamar Jackson","correct":true,"count":"19,200"},{"text":"Michael Vick","correct":false,"count":"16,560"}]
"text":"Boston","correct":true,"count":"11,605"},{"text":"Chicago","correct":false,"count":"1,586"},{"text":"New York","correct":false,"count":"7,880"}]
"text":"Ben Zobrist","correct":false,"count":"2,285"},{"text":"JD Martinez","correct":true,"count":"7,942"},{"text":"Mike Piazza","correct":false,"count":"2,003"}]
"text":"Marvin Harrison","correct":false,"count":"826"},{"text":"Jarvis Landry","correct":true,"count":"5,996"},{"text":"Larry Fitzgerald","correct":false,"count":"1,498"}]
"text":"Breanna Stewart","correct":false,"count":"361"},{"text":"Sue Bird","correct":true,"count":"5,094"},{"text":"Elena Delle Donne","correct":false,"count":"380"}]
"text":"Chris Chelios","correct":false,"count":"877"},{"text":"Gordie Howe","correct":false,"count":"1,439"},{"text":"Pat Verbeek","correct":true,"count":"2,640"}]
"text":"Argentina","correct":false,"count":"548"},{"text":"Lithuania","correct":false,"count":"2,054"},{"text":"USSR","correct":true,"count":"364"}]
"text":"Andre Dawson","correct":false,"count":"99"},{"text":"Willie Mays","correct":false,"count":"618"},{"text":"Adrian Beltre","correct":true,"count":"422"}]
"text":"LaDainian Tomlinson","correct":true,"count":"253"},{"text":"Emmitt Smith","correct":false,"count":"94"},{"text":"Adrian Peterson","correct":false,"count":"97"}]
"text":"Thousands of balloons","correct":true,"count":"382,627"},{"text":"Pixie dust","correct":false,"count":"10,921"},{"text":"Two enormous birds","correct":false,"count":"4,207"}]
"text":"Ping-pong","correct":false,"count":"4,442"},{"text":"Football","correct":true,"count":"370,898"},{"text":"Gymnastics","correct":false,"count":"5,086"}]
"text":"Despacito","correct":false,"count":"24,811"},{"text":"Ain’t Too Proud to Beg","correct":true,"count":"301,263"},{"text":"thank u, next","correct":false,"count":"19,255"}]
"text":"Grumpy Old Men","correct":false,"count":"29,034"},{"text":"The Odd Couple","correct":false,"count":"54,891"},{"text":"The Bad News Bears","correct":true,"count":"212,924"}]
"text":"Enchanted","correct":false,"count":"42,855"},{"text":"The Lizzie McGuire Movie","correct":false,"count":"41,310"},{"text":"The Parent Trap","correct":true,"count":"131,782"}]
"text":"Before Midnight","correct":true,"count":"57,284"},{"text":"After Sunrise","correct":false,"count":"29,223"},{"text":"After Sunset","correct":false,"count":"45,007"}]
"text":"Timothy Dalton","correct":true,"count":"37,114"},{"text":"Pierce Brosnan","correct":false,"count":"11,203"},{"text":"Daniel Craig","correct":false,"count":"13,581"}]
"text":"His mom","correct":false,"count":"4,857"},{"text":"His dog","correct":false,"count":"26,006"},{"text":"His roommate","correct":true,"count":"7,850"}]
"text":"Cobra","correct":false,"count":"1,729"},{"text":"Rocky II","correct":false,"count":"4,448"},{"text":"Tango and Cash","correct":true,"count":"6,509"}]
"text":"The basket case","correct":true,"count":"2,833"},{"text":"The princess","correct":false,"count":"1,118"},{"text":"The brain","correct":false,"count":"2,354"}]
"text":"Proxima Centauri b","correct":false,"count":"696"},{"text":"Cybertron","correct":false,"count":"974"},{"text":"Earth","correct":true,"count":"188,861"}]
"text":"Kombucha","correct":false,"count":"1,008"},{"text":"Mahi mahi","correct":false,"count":"822"},{"text":"Oats","correct":true,"count":"184,855"}]
"text":"Mexican folk band","correct":false,"count":"5,751"},{"text":"Architectural feature","correct":false,"count":"15,008"},{"text":"Family member","correct":true,"count":"161,336"}]
"text":"Rocky II","correct":false,"count":"33,103"},{"text":"Rocky III","correct":false,"count":"45,926"},{"text":"Rocky IV","correct":true,"count":"79,387"}]
"text":"Heart","correct":false,"count":"27,514"},{"text":"Brain","correct":false,"count":"2,230"},{"text":"Bones","correct":true,"count":"50,918"}]
"text":"Build landing pad","correct":false,"count":"3,464"},{"text":"Grow plants","correct":false,"count":"6,249"},{"text":"Drill into the ground","correct":true,"count":"41,888"}]
"text":"Italy","correct":false,"count":"8,553"},{"text":"Germany","correct":false,"count":"21,749"},{"text":"Austria","correct":true,"count":"10,744"}]
"text":"Billy Mays","correct":false,"count":"3,485"},{"text":"Ron Popeil","correct":true,"count":"9,290"},{"text":"Richard Simmons","correct":false,"count":"1,145"}]
"text":"Celine Dion","correct":false,"count":"2,209"},{"text":"Peter Cetera","correct":true,"count":"5,265"},{"text":"Huey Lewis and the News","correct":false,"count":"1,840"}]
"text":"Ace’s father","correct":false,"count":"535"},{"text":"Ace’s son","correct":true,"count":"2,333"},{"text":"Ace’s pet","correct":false,"count":"2,890"}]
"text":"Italian dishes","correct":true,"count":"1,554"},{"text":"Rock n roll bands","correct":false,"count":"438"},{"text":"Cartoon characters","correct":false,"count":"804"}]
"text":"Ottava rima","correct":false,"count":"271"},{"text":"Butterfly cinquain","correct":false,"count":"246"},{"text":"Petrarchan sonnet","correct":true,"count":"1,128"}]
"text":"Rhythmic gymnastics","correct":false,"count":"960"},{"text":"Basketball","correct":true,"count":"399,727"},{"text":"Rugby sevens","correct":false,"count":"549"}]
"text":"Chinese dumplings","correct":false,"count":"14,418"},{"text":"Avocado toast","correct":false,"count":"4,292"},{"text":"A chicken","correct":true,"count":"371,715"}]
"text":"Atom","correct":false,"count":"108,095"},{"text":"Molecule","correct":false,"count":"48,499"},{"text":"Electron","correct":true,"count":"209,875"}]
"text":"Pralines","correct":false,"count":"29,969"},{"text":"Desserts","correct":true,"count":"108,819"},{"text":"Tartlets","correct":false,"count":"73,026"}]
"text":"Keratin","correct":true,"count":"76,951"},{"text":"Collagen","correct":false,"count":"11,285"},{"text":"Cartilage","correct":false,"count":"33,706"}]
"text":"Copen / Hagen","correct":false,"count":"20,865"},{"text":"Reyk / Javik","correct":false,"count":"14,970"},{"text":"Buda / Pest","correct":true,"count":"40,738"}]
"text":"Curly","correct":false,"count":"9,257"},{"text":"Shemp","correct":false,"count":"21,330"},{"text":"Larry","correct":true,"count":"14,284"}]
"text":"Hammer of Thor","correct":true,"count":"8,724"},{"text":"Scientology cross","correct":false,"count":"6,528"},{"text":"Cthulhu","correct":false,"count":"3,713"}]
"text":"Wrestling move","correct":true,"count":"68,893"},{"text":"High dive","correct":false,"count":"2,962"},{"text":"Football position","correct":false,"count":"3,140"}]
"text":"Big Maple","correct":true,"count":"29,489"},{"text":"Thor","correct":false,"count":"32,466"},{"text":"Nerd Power","correct":false,"count":"5,399"}]
"text":"NBA court","correct":true,"count":"17,090"},{"text":"NHL rink","correct":false,"count":"5,837"},{"text":"Olympic swimming pool","correct":false,"count":"6,746"}]
"text":"Florida State","correct":true,"count":"11,855"},{"text":"Tennessee","correct":false,"count":"1,848"},{"text":"USC","correct":false,"count":"4,126"}]
"text":"Blue Jackets","correct":true,"count":"6,062"},{"text":"Capitals","correct":false,"count":"3,563"},{"text":"Penguins","correct":false,"count":"2,407"}]
"text":"Chuck Liddell","correct":true,"count":"4,511"},{"text":"Brock Lesnar","correct":false,"count":"835"},{"text":"Tito Ortiz","correct":false,"count":"1,071"}]
"text":"Frank Robinson","correct":true,"count":"3,752"},{"text":"Stan Musial","correct":false,"count":"437"},{"text":"Hank Greenberg","correct":false,"count":"454"}]
"text":"Dwight Howard","correct":true,"count":"1,085"},{"text":"Kwame Brown","correct":false,"count":"964"},{"text":"LeBron James","correct":false,"count":"1,727"}]
"text":"Soccer","correct":false,"count":"213"},{"text":"Lacrosse","correct":true,"count":"1,038"},{"text":"Football","correct":false,"count":"74"}]
"text":"Brett Favre","correct":true,"count":"374"},{"text":"Tom Brady","correct":false,"count":"397"},{"text":"Peyton Manning","correct":false,"count":"230"}]
"text":"Canada","correct":true,"count":"228"},{"text":"Netherlands","correct":false,"count":"116"},{"text":"Australia","correct":false,"count":"210"}]
"text":"Los Angeles","correct":false,"count":"59"},{"text":"Pittsburgh","correct":false,"count":"110"},{"text":"Montreal","correct":true,"count":"126"}]
"text":"Tehran","correct":false,"count":"5,721"},{"text":"Trenton","correct":true,"count":"340,885"},{"text":"Tegucigalpa","correct":false,"count":"1,535"}]
"text":"Auditorium","correct":false,"count":"730"},{"text":"Belgium","correct":false,"count":"1,246"},{"text":"Helium","correct":true,"count":"336,446"}]
"text":"Ender’s Game","correct":false,"count":"60,631"},{"text":"Snow Crash","correct":false,"count":"8,214"},{"text":"The Time Machine","correct":true,"count":"262,552"}]
"text":"Stewed","correct":false,"count":"28,705"},{"text":"Fried","correct":true,"count":"162,555"},{"text":"Broiled","correct":false,"count":"69,632"}]
"text":"Green Coca-Cola Bottles","correct":false,"count":"12,816"},{"text":"Brillo Box","correct":true,"count":"20,109"},{"text":"Campbell’s Soup Cans","correct":false,"count":"131,563"}]
"text":"Russia","correct":false,"count":"8,390"},{"text":"Malaysia","correct":false,"count":"3,473"},{"text":"North Korea","correct":true,"count":"21,670"}]
"text":"Chicago","correct":false,"count":"2,916"},{"text":"Pittsburgh","correct":true,"count":"16,585"},{"text":"Detroit","correct":false,"count":"2,454"}]
"text":"Tallest statue","correct":true,"count":"8,735"},{"text":"Most-attended funeral","correct":false,"count":"4,387"},{"text":"Longest movie","correct":false,"count":"3,736"}]
"text":"Protons","correct":false,"count":"427"},{"text":"Electrons","correct":true,"count":"6,605"},{"text":"Neutrons","correct":false,"count":"2,881"}]
"text":"Dimple","correct":false,"count":"1,044"},{"text":"Freckle","correct":true,"count":"4,067"},{"text":"Scar","correct":false,"count":"1,836"}]
"text":"Head of the Commonwealth","correct":false,"count":"1,000"},{"text":"1st Lord of the Treasury","correct":true,"count":"2,501"},{"text":"Solicitor General","correct":false,"count":"753"}]
"text":"Bachelor","correct":false,"count":"1,311"},{"text":"Legal","correct":false,"count":"2,020"},{"text":"i","correct":true,"count":"179,583"}]
"text":"A kidney stone","correct":false,"count":"1,168"},{"text":"Go","correct":true,"count":"174,435"},{"text":"The bar exam","correct":false,"count":"1,460"}]
"text":"Standing room only","correct":true,"count":"163,542"},{"text":"Standard ragtime organ","correct":false,"count":"2,190"},{"text":"Six-reed orchestra","correct":false,"count":"5,800"}]
"text":"Beef","correct":false,"count":"14,753"},{"text":"Potatoes","correct":false,"count":"11,286"},{"text":"Eggs","correct":true,"count":"136,137"}]
"text":"Being enormous","correct":true,"count":"94,126"},{"text":"Doing math","correct":false,"count":"14,066"},{"text":"Driving a tractor","correct":false,"count":"25,841"}]
"text":"Grape","correct":true,"count":"66,775"},{"text":"Burrito","correct":false,"count":"19,397"},{"text":"Birthday cake","correct":false,"count":"8,271"}]
"text":"George W. Bush","correct":false,"count":"33,287"},{"text":"George HW Bush","correct":false,"count":"9,444"},{"text":"Bill Clinton","correct":true,"count":"22,971"}]
"text":"Geoffrey Rush","correct":false,"count":"4,985"},{"text":"Edward Norton","correct":true,"count":"15,177"},{"text":"William H. Macy","correct":false,"count":"6,564"}]
"text":"John Cleese","correct":false,"count":"6,296"},{"text":"Michael Palin","correct":true,"count":"6,537"},{"text":"Eric Idle","correct":false,"count":"3,738"}]
"text":"Sea serpent","correct":false,"count":"3,234"},{"text":"Imp","correct":false,"count":"889"},{"text":"Unicorn","correct":true,"count":"3,820"}]
"text":"Fox","correct":true,"count":"3,033"},{"text":"Thunderbolt","correct":false,"count":"568"},{"text":"Ankh Warrior","correct":false,"count":"777"}]
"text":"Gak","correct":false,"count":"207"},{"text":"Silly Putty","correct":false,"count":"680"},{"text":"Play-Doh","correct":true,"count":"2,337"}]
"text":"No soup for you!","correct":true,"count":"364,606"}]
"text":"Big salad","correct":false,"count":"8,143"},{"text":"Snapple bottle","correct":false,"count":"10,291"},{"text":"Marble rye","correct":true,"count":"342,741"}]
"text":"Meryl Streep","correct":false,"count":"23,700"},{"text":"Halle Berry","correct":false,"count":"20,989"},{"text":"Marisa Tomei","correct":true,"count":"294,190"}]
"text":"Kramer","correct":false,"count":"48,303"},{"text":"Elaine","correct":false,"count":"75,457"},{"text":"Both","correct":true,"count":"163,651"}]
"text":"Daffy Duck","correct":false,"count":"24,314"},{"text":"Superman","correct":false,"count":"46,626"},{"text":"Tweety Bird","correct":true,"count":"110,770"}]
"text":"Larry","correct":false,"count":"15,786"},{"text":"Kessler","correct":false,"count":"15,104"},{"text":"Never stated","correct":true,"count":"87,233"}]
"text":"Hot as heck","correct":false,"count":"50,316"},{"text":"Rough","correct":true,"count":"25,028"},{"text":"Piece of cake","correct":false,"count":"15,361"}]
"text":"Paperboy","correct":false,"count":"4,609"},{"text":"Violinist","correct":true,"count":"9,429"},{"text":"Doctor","correct":false,"count":"16,825"}]
"text":"Pose shirtless","correct":false,"count":"1,224"},{"text":"Save a whale","correct":true,"count":"9,404"},{"text":"Win the contest","correct":false,"count":"1,831"}]
"text":"Kruger","correct":true,"count":"5,291"},{"text":"Estelle","correct":false,"count":"1,618"},{"text":"George","correct":false,"count":"2,650"}]
"text":"Has to get his car fixed","correct":false,"count":"450"},{"text":"Needs a haircut","correct":false,"count":"2,106"},{"text":"Has a root canal","correct":true,"count":"3,017"}]
"text":"Elaine","correct":true,"count":"1,571"},{"text":"Jerry","correct":false,"count":"488"},{"text":"George","correct":false,"count":"1,268"}]
"text":"White","correct":false,"count":"384"},{"text":"Purple","correct":true,"count":"1,038"},{"text":"Pink","correct":false,"count":"367"}]
"text":"Music Genre","answer":["CLASSICAL"]
"text":"Hot Wheels","correct":false,"count":"17,090"},{"text":"Rolls-Royce","correct":true,"count":"261,382"},{"text":"Little Tikes","correct":false,"count":"6,334"}]
"text":"Brazil","correct":false,"count":"1,980"},{"text":"China","correct":true,"count":"257,289"},{"text":"Kansas","correct":false,"count":"1,200"}]
"text":"A Christmas Carol","correct":false,"count":"26,158"},{"text":"Treasure Island","correct":false,"count":"19,456"},{"text":"Wuthering Heights","correct":true,"count":"209,296"}]
"text":"Philological","correct":false,"count":"35,506"},{"text":"Philosophy","correct":true,"count":"145,073"},{"text":"Philanthropy","correct":false,"count":"14,945"}]
"text":"My Way","correct":true,"count":"119,297"},{"text":"It Was a Very Good Year","correct":false,"count":"11,676"},{"text":"Strangers in the Night","correct":false,"count":"13,285"}]
"text":"Midori","correct":false,"count":"20,406"},{"text":"Chartreuse","correct":false,"count":"11,048"},{"text":"Absinthe","correct":true,"count":"88,572"}]
"text":"Television","correct":true,"count":"33,610"},{"text":"Lasers","correct":false,"count":"25,906"},{"text":"Warp-speed travel","correct":false,"count":"27,016"}]
"text":"Salamander Snuggle","correct":true,"count":"10,092"},{"text":"Terrapin Toddle","correct":false,"count":"5,441"},{"text":"Arizona Anguish","correct":false,"count":"22,212"}]
"text":"Mathematics","correct":false,"count":"733"},{"text":"Physics","correct":false,"count":"8,839"},{"text":"Linguistics","correct":true,"count":"5,424"}]
"text":"Kuala Lumpur","correct":false,"count":"1,082"},{"text":"Nairobi","correct":true,"count":"3,186"},{"text":"Singapore","correct":false,"count":"2,503"}]
"text":"The way it is headed","correct":false,"count":"189"},{"text":"Toward the galactic disc","correct":false,"count":"309"},{"text":"Away from the Sun","correct":true,"count":"3,193"}]
"text":"Ghana Make You Sweat","correct":false,"count":"12,652"},{"text":"Sweden Tender Hooligan","correct":false,"count":"9,103"},{"text":"America the Beautiful","correct":true,"count":"297,584"}]
"text":"Cardi B vs. Nicki Minaj","correct":false,"count":"2,089"},{"text":"World War I","correct":true,"count":"291,934"},{"text":"Cake vs. pie","correct":false,"count":"1,425"}]
"text":"Sea lion","correct":false,"count":"4,647"},{"text":"Lobster","correct":true,"count":"282,958"},{"text":"Lamprey","correct":false,"count":"2,579"}]
"text":"Batman","correct":false,"count":"15,330"},{"text":"Star Wars","correct":false,"count":"88,520"},{"text":"James Bond","correct":true,"count":"172,820"}]
"text":"Colorado","correct":true,"count":"110,584"},{"text":"Iowa","correct":false,"count":"11,538"},{"text":"Texas","correct":false,"count":"55,856"}]
"text":"Take On Me","correct":false,"count":"14,906"},{"text":"Runnin’ Down a Dream","correct":false,"count":"46,179"},{"text":"Don’t Answer Me","correct":true,"count":"41,520"}]
"text":"Dos","correct":true,"count":"20,329"},{"text":"Uno 2","correct":false,"count":"22,765"},{"text":"Uno de Nuevo","correct":false,"count":"3,127"}]
"text":"Q","correct":false,"count":"4,667"},{"text":"X","correct":true,"count":"14,528"},{"text":"J","correct":false,"count":"3,207"}]
"text":"President’s House","correct":true,"count":"3,489"},{"text":"Colonial Hall","correct":false,"count":"4,231"},{"text":"Mount Vernon","correct":false,"count":"7,588"}]
"text":"Finish a story arc","correct":false,"count":"767"},{"text":"Save money","correct":true,"count":"3,519"},{"text":"Accommodate a star","correct":false,"count":"1,174"}]
"text":"Baseball","correct":false,"count":"475"},{"text":"Basketball","correct":false,"count":"2,081"},{"text":"Football","correct":true,"count":"1,114"}]
"text":"Butter","correct":true,"count":"468,266"},{"text":"Hummus","correct":false,"count":"9,362"},{"text":"Hot liquid magma","correct":false,"count":"9,625"}]
"text":"Monica","correct":false,"count":"9,773"},{"text":"Pangaea","correct":true,"count":"442,336"},{"text":"Roberta","correct":false,"count":"6,895"}]
"text":"Umpire","correct":false,"count":"47,654"},{"text":"Meteorologist","correct":false,"count":"74,674"},{"text":"Dermatologist","correct":true,"count":"313,775"}]
"text":"Sea anemones","correct":true,"count":"222,923"},{"text":"Kelp","correct":false,"count":"46,301"},{"text":"Lichen","correct":false,"count":"50,019"}]
"text":"Griffin beak","correct":false,"count":"128,509"},{"text":"Dragon claw","correct":false,"count":"31,817"},{"text":"Angel wing","correct":true,"count":"66,675"}]
"text":"Tyrion Lannister","correct":false,"count":"4,974"},{"text":"Prince Caspian","correct":true,"count":"53,911"},{"text":"Aragorn, son of Arathorn","correct":false,"count":"13,379"}]
"text":"JK Simmons","correct":false,"count":"11,465"},{"text":"Jared Leto","correct":false,"count":"18,926"},{"text":"Jordan Peele","correct":true,"count":"22,961"}]
"text":"Lead to quick pregnancy","correct":false,"count":"6,255"},{"text":"Keep the rain away","correct":true,"count":"9,627"},{"text":"Guarantee long marriage","correct":false,"count":"10,601"}]
"text":"Arabic","correct":true,"count":"8,823"},{"text":"German","correct":false,"count":"2,417"},{"text":"Hindi","correct":false,"count":"780"}]
"text":"The Crickets","correct":false,"count":"834"},{"text":"The Beach Boys","correct":false,"count":"886"},{"text":"The Rolling Stones","correct":true,"count":"7,300"}]
"text":"Politician","correct":false,"count":"1,866"},{"text":"Musician","correct":false,"count":"2,506"},{"text":"Doctor","correct":true,"count":"2,800"}]
"text":"TV","correct":false,"count":"326"},{"text":"Slumber Party","correct":true,"count":"3,209"},{"text":"Birthday","correct":false,"count":"444"}]
"text":"Bibble","correct":false,"count":"913"},{"text":"Deckle","correct":false,"count":"262"},{"text":"Nurdle","correct":true,"count":"2,085"}]
"text":"Irish elk","correct":false,"count":"224"},{"text":"Cave bear","correct":false,"count":"964"},{"text":"Woolly mammoth","correct":true,"count":"1,051"}]
"text":"Casablanca","correct":false,"count":"201"},{"text":"The Sound of Music","correct":false,"count":"709"},{"text":"Die Hard","correct":true,"count":"123"}]
"text":"Flickr","correct":false,"count":"32"},{"text":"Friendster","correct":true,"count":"66"},{"text":"Blogger","correct":false,"count":"24"}]
"text":"KFC Original","correct":false,"count":"30"},{"text":"Green Chartreuse","correct":true,"count":"27"},{"text":"Big Mac Special Sauce","correct":false,"count":"8"}]
"text":"Take On Me","correct":false,"count":"6"},{"text":"Come on Eileen","correct":true,"count":"16"},{"text":"Thong Song","correct":false,"count":"5"}]
"text":"Sandwich","answer":["HAM","&","CHEESE"]
"text":"A very stubborn pony","correct":false,"count":"5,192"},{"text":"A million-dollar idea","correct":false,"count":"10,093"},{"text":"The fence","correct":true,"count":"159,390"}]
"text":"NSYNC","correct":false,"count":"6,121"},{"text":"Prince","correct":false,"count":"17,010"},{"text":"“Weird Al” Yankovic","correct":true,"count":"132,363"}]
"text":"Dreidel","correct":true,"count":"118,429"},{"text":"Shofar","correct":false,"count":"2,500"},{"text":"Yarmulke","correct":false,"count":"10,693"}]
"text":"Parakeet","correct":false,"count":"7,484"},{"text":"Cardinal","correct":true,"count":"85,921"},{"text":"Mynah","correct":false,"count":"23,692"}]
"text":"Flame-searing","correct":false,"count":"18,575"},{"text":"Pickling","correct":false,"count":"11,832"},{"text":"Frying once","correct":true,"count":"54,355"}]
"text":"The Jonas Brothers","correct":true,"count":"47,255"},{"text":"Hanson","correct":false,"count":"5,243"},{"text":"Mumford and Sons","correct":false,"count":"3,239"}]
"text":"Fuze","correct":false,"count":"5,722"},{"text":"Zvue","correct":false,"count":"2,104"},{"text":"Zune","correct":true,"count":"39,350"}]
"text":"Minnesota","correct":true,"count":"12,272"},{"text":"Missouri","correct":false,"count":"17,965"},{"text":"Arkansas","correct":false,"count":"9,116"}]
"text":"Frisbee golf","correct":false,"count":"3,643"},{"text":"Jousting","correct":true,"count":"8,293"},{"text":"Leg wrestling","correct":false,"count":"3,221"}]
"text":"Raphaelle Peale","correct":false,"count":"1,196"},{"text":"Gilbert Stuart","correct":true,"count":"4,547"},{"text":"Henry Benbridge","correct":false,"count":"3,405"}]
"text":"Mouse","correct":true,"count":"2,625"},{"text":"Worm","correct":false,"count":"293"},{"text":"Fruit fly","correct":false,"count":"2,429"}]
"text":"Bonnie & Clyde","correct":false,"count":"888"},{"text":"West Side Story","correct":true,"count":"1,604"},{"text":"Nashville","correct":false,"count":"649"}]
"text":"Storm","correct":false,"count":"10,194"},{"text":"Tiger","correct":false,"count":"11,138"},{"text":"Beholder","correct":true,"count":"321,685"}]
"text":"Franklin D. Roosevelt","correct":false,"count":"30,102"},{"text":"Richard Nixon","correct":false,"count":"10,869"},{"text":"Abraham Lincoln","correct":true,"count":"277,409"}]
"text":"Racket","correct":true,"count":"252,912"},{"text":"Grift","correct":false,"count":"16,217"},{"text":"Puck","correct":false,"count":"7,912"}]
"text":"Arendelle","correct":true,"count":"196,744"},{"text":"Snorway","correct":false,"count":"9,793"},{"text":"Glacia","correct":false,"count":"44,023"}]
"text":"Drinking all the water","correct":false,"count":"786"},{"text":"Kneeling and praying","correct":true,"count":"183,843"},{"text":"Fumbling the ball","correct":false,"count":"15,297"}]
"text":"Epona","correct":false,"count":"24,140"},{"text":"Hyrules","correct":false,"count":"50,826"},{"text":"Rupees","correct":true,"count":"108,117"}]
"text":"Law & Order","correct":true,"count":"66,378"},{"text":"Star Trek","correct":false,"count":"9,226"},{"text":"American Horror Story","correct":false,"count":"38,815"}]
"text":"Afghanistan","correct":false,"count":"29,117"},{"text":"Kazakhstan","correct":true,"count":"36,876"},{"text":"Turkmenistan","correct":false,"count":"7,420"}]
"text":"Game","answer":["TIC","TAC","TOE"]
"text":"Loop de loop","correct":false,"count":"1,930"},{"text":"Loogie","correct":false,"count":"3,169"},{"text":"Luge","correct":true,"count":"77,875"}]
"text":"Ohio State","correct":false,"count":"18,978"},{"text":"Georgia","correct":false,"count":"14,154"},{"text":"Oklahoma","correct":true,"count":"42,507"}]
"text":"Oakland Raiders","correct":true,"count":"32,102"},{"text":"Cleveland Browns","correct":false,"count":"6,367"},{"text":"Green Bay Packers","correct":false,"count":"4,295"}]
"text":"Golf","correct":false,"count":"3,770"},{"text":"Tennis","correct":true,"count":"27,693"},{"text":"Track & field","correct":false,"count":"836"}]
"text":"Kurt Warner","correct":true,"count":"6,513"},{"text":"Peyton Manning","correct":false,"count":"9,102"},{"text":"Tom Brady","correct":false,"count":"12,155"}]
"text":"Andre Ward","correct":true,"count":"4,677"},{"text":"Sugar Ray Leonard","correct":false,"count":"2,338"},{"text":"Oscar De La Hoya","correct":false,"count":"1,856"}]
"text":"Cristiano Ronaldo","correct":false,"count":"638"},{"text":"Lionel Messi","correct":false,"count":"607"},{"text":"Luka Modric","correct":true,"count":"3,769"}]
"text":"Red Wings","correct":false,"count":"893"},{"text":"Penguins","correct":false,"count":"1,224"},{"text":"Oilers","correct":true,"count":"1,771"}]
"text":"Cardinals","correct":false,"count":"784"},{"text":"Pirates","correct":false,"count":"614"},{"text":"Dodgers","correct":true,"count":"539"}]
"text":"Safety","correct":false,"count":"138"},{"text":"Field goal","correct":true,"count":"677"},{"text":"Touchdown","correct":false,"count":"35"}]
"text":"Curling","correct":false,"count":"38"},{"text":"Handball","correct":true,"count":"517"},{"text":"Crew","correct":false,"count":"152"}]
"text":"Washington Wizards","correct":false,"count":"150"},{"text":"New Orleans Pelicans","correct":true,"count":"241"},{"text":"Portland Trail Blazers","correct":false,"count":"155"}]
"text":"Triple mint","correct":false,"count":"3,582"},{"text":"Wet dog","correct":false,"count":"1,327"},{"text":"Hazelnut","correct":true,"count":"298,957"}]
"text":"Cougar","correct":false,"count":"655"},{"text":"Blue whale","correct":false,"count":"748"},{"text":"Caterpillar","correct":true,"count":"294,872"}]
"text":"Second","correct":false,"count":"9,995"},{"text":"Kilometer","correct":false,"count":"26,945"},{"text":"Newton","correct":true,"count":"254,813"}]
"text":"Where you find it","correct":false,"count":"15,538"},{"text":"On the dance floor","correct":false,"count":"90,011"},{"text":"In the heart","correct":true,"count":"144,263"}]
"text":"Violins","correct":false,"count":"9,153"},{"text":"Tulips","correct":true,"count":"102,997"},{"text":"Wooden shoes","correct":false,"count":"34,144"}]
"text":"Andorra","correct":false,"count":"20,049"},{"text":"Liechtenstein","correct":false,"count":"28,010"},{"text":"San Marino","correct":true,"count":"55,586"}]
"text":"Vanity-Fair","correct":true,"count":"42,348"},{"text":"Slaughterhouse-Five","correct":false,"count":"10,441"},{"text":"Catch-22","correct":false,"count":"5,012"}]
"text":"Perihelion","correct":false,"count":"4,515"},{"text":"Antipode","correct":true,"count":"33,859"},{"text":"Contraplex","correct":false,"count":"5,147"}]
"text":"The Powerpuff Girls","correct":true,"count":"26,219"},{"text":"Dexter’s Laboratory","correct":false,"count":"6,072"},{"text":"KaBlam!","correct":false,"count":"2,223"}]
"text":"The Terminator","correct":false,"count":"3,809"},{"text":"Mad Max","correct":false,"count":"10,237"},{"text":"Ready Player One","correct":true,"count":"13,415"}]
"text":"Evander Holyfield","correct":false,"count":"4,180"},{"text":"Clifford Etienne","correct":true,"count":"5,914"},{"text":"Andrew Golota","correct":false,"count":"5,283"}]
"text":"Season","answer":["SUMMER"]
"text":"Atoms","correct":true,"count":"178,872"},{"text":"Turkey sandwiches","correct":false,"count":"862"},{"text":"Spotify playlists","correct":false,"count":"443"}]
"text":"Gotham","correct":false,"count":"4,596"},{"text":"Stars Hollow","correct":false,"count":"3,411"},{"text":"Edmonton","correct":true,"count":"168,380"}]
"text":"Spider-Man","correct":true,"count":"108,993"},{"text":"Aquaman","correct":false,"count":"46,655"},{"text":"Howard the Duck","correct":false,"count":"8,482"}]
"text":"Columbia","correct":false,"count":"5,876"},{"text":"Communications","correct":false,"count":"32,308"},{"text":"Cable","correct":true,"count":"71,990"}]
"text":"York Peppermint Pattie","correct":false,"count":"11,740"},{"text":"Kit Kat","correct":true,"count":"55,698"},{"text":"Butterfinger","correct":false,"count":"4,749"}]
"text":"Wooly Willy","correct":true,"count":"40,568"},{"text":"Hairy Harold","correct":false,"count":"11,082"},{"text":"Shaggy Sheldon","correct":false,"count":"3,844"}]
"text":"Basketball","correct":false,"count":"18,339"},{"text":"Soccer","correct":true,"count":"16,568"},{"text":"Rugby","correct":false,"count":"6,164"}]
"text":"Brown bear","correct":false,"count":"6,653"},{"text":"Coyote","correct":true,"count":"6,978"},{"text":"Roadrunner","correct":false,"count":"5,766"}]
"text":"Auguste Rodin","correct":false,"count":"1,678"},{"text":"Marcel Duchamp","correct":false,"count":"2,087"},{"text":"Pablo Picasso","correct":true,"count":"4,790"}]
"text":"Blue","correct":false,"count":"989"},{"text":"White","correct":false,"count":"2,507"},{"text":"Red","correct":true,"count":"1,754"}]
"text":"Bildungsroman","correct":false,"count":"223"},{"text":"Roman à clef","correct":true,"count":"1,287"},{"text":"Picaresque","correct":false,"count":"787"}]
"text":"Hans Zimmer","correct":true,"count":"1,003"},{"text":"Danny Elfman","correct":false,"count":"216"},{"text":"Howard Shore","correct":false,"count":"159"}]
"text":"Luigi Zamboni","correct":false,"count":"3,858"},{"text":"Koopa Zeppelin","correct":false,"count":"1,966"},{"text":"Mario Kart","correct":true,"count":"370,609"}]
"text":"Wapeach","correct":true,"count":"288,684"},{"text":"Wario","correct":false,"count":"34,030"},{"text":"Waluigi","correct":false,"count":"42,726"}]
"text":"Famicom","correct":true,"count":"173,480"},{"text":"Colecovision","correct":false,"count":"45,727"},{"text":"Funchine 83","correct":false,"count":"67,666"}]
"text":"Ninja Gaiden","correct":false,"count":"19,309"},{"text":"Chrono Trigger","correct":false,"count":"12,555"},{"text":"Animal Crossing","correct":true,"count":"146,818"}]
"text":"Bowser","correct":false,"count":"9,610"},{"text":"Samus Aran","correct":false,"count":"31,158"},{"text":"Princess Zelda","correct":true,"count":"106,562"}]
"text":"L or R once","correct":false,"count":"31,293"},{"text":"Rotate central stick","correct":false,"count":"13,911"},{"text":"R or Z twice","correct":true,"count":"61,186"}]
"text":"Priscilla","correct":false,"count":"7,246"},{"text":"Penelope","correct":false,"count":"15,573"},{"text":"Pauline","correct":true,"count":"45,449"}]
"text":"Super Mario RPG","correct":true,"count":"32,403"},{"text":"Super Castlevania IV","correct":false,"count":"7,715"},{"text":"Kirby’s Dream Course","correct":false,"count":"7,236"}]
"text":"To hit the target","correct":false,"count":"1,544"},{"text":"I create joy","correct":false,"count":"9,756"},{"text":"Leave luck to heaven","correct":true,"count":"23,234"}]
"text":"Nintendo 64","correct":true,"count":"17,188"},{"text":"Wii","correct":false,"count":"6,652"},{"text":"Game Cube","correct":false,"count":"1,128"}]
"text":"Space Invaders","correct":false,"count":"2,553"},{"text":"Pac-Man","correct":false,"count":"6,246"},{"text":"Breakout","correct":true,"count":"8,688"}]
"text":"Month","answer":["DECEMBER"]
"text":"Lit","correct":false,"count":"2,252"},{"text":"Lottery fever","correct":false,"count":"2,024"},{"text":"The worm","correct":true,"count":"256,370"}]
"text":"Ms. Pac-Man","correct":true,"count":"234,284"},{"text":"Stacy Invader","correct":false,"count":"8,500"},{"text":"Helen Zaxxon","correct":false,"count":"7,933"}]
"text":"Trombone","correct":false,"count":"73,172"},{"text":"Guitar","correct":true,"count":"146,611"},{"text":"Violin","correct":false,"count":"9,921"}]
"text":"I Like Turtles","correct":false,"count":"24,453"},{"text":"Miss Teen South Carolina","correct":false,"count":"17,318"},{"text":"Chocolate Rain","correct":true,"count":"105,413"}]
"text":"Hotel","correct":false,"count":"11,401"},{"text":"Town","correct":false,"count":"47,609"},{"text":"Inventor","correct":true,"count":"47,810"}]
"text":"Ferrari","correct":false,"count":"3,282"},{"text":"Porsche","correct":false,"count":"19,941"},{"text":"Lamborghini","correct":true,"count":"27,107"}]
"text":"Associative","correct":false,"count":"5,863"},{"text":"Commutative","correct":true,"count":"20,422"},{"text":"Distributive","correct":false,"count":"2,268"}]
"text":"Daredevil","correct":true,"count":"12,886"},{"text":"X-Men","correct":false,"count":"1,618"},{"text":"Fantastic Four","correct":false,"count":"6,564"}]
"text":"Nitrogen","correct":true,"count":"13,434"},{"text":"Chlorine","correct":false,"count":"29"},{"text":"Oxygen","correct":false,"count":"255"}]
"text":"Apple","correct":false,"count":"147"},{"text":"Amazon","correct":true,"count":"12,778"},{"text":"Google","correct":false,"count":"501"}]
"text":"Arthur Conan Doyle","correct":true,"count":"9,331"},{"text":"Charles Dickens","correct":false,"count":"1,822"},{"text":"Mark Twain","correct":false,"count":"1,626"}]
"text":"Sass","correct":false,"count":"4,527"},{"text":"Feathers","correct":true,"count":"274,520"},{"text":"Friendly smile","correct":false,"count":"1,658"}]
"text":"Doubloon","correct":true,"count":"228,407"},{"text":"Qaudrupeloon","correct":false,"count":"14,458"},{"text":"Dodecaloon","correct":false,"count":"23,329"}]
"text":"Indiana Jones","correct":false,"count":"20,895"},{"text":"Zorro","correct":true,"count":"198,802"},{"text":"Blossom","correct":false,"count":"2,049"}]
"text":"Harp","correct":false,"count":"53,401"},{"text":"Guitar","correct":false,"count":"29,712"},{"text":"Piano","correct":true,"count":"114,024"}]
"text":"Domesticity","correct":false,"count":"8,122"},{"text":"Wine","correct":true,"count":"89,103"},{"text":"The underworld","correct":false,"count":"19,446"}]
"text":"Auld Reekie","correct":true,"count":"54,281"},{"text":"Wee Dirtstain","correct":false,"count":"11,654"},{"text":"Tosserville","correct":false,"count":"20,782"}]
"text":"Cory in the House","correct":true,"count":"42,800"},{"text":"Wizards of Waverly Place","correct":false,"count":"8,756"},{"text":"Good Luck Charlie","correct":false,"count":"4,441"}]
"text":"San Francisco","correct":false,"count":"2,111"},{"text":"Miami","correct":true,"count":"37,029"},{"text":"New York City","correct":false,"count":"4,374"}]
"text":"Arizona","correct":false,"count":"5,833"},{"text":"Colorado","correct":true,"count":"21,705"},{"text":"California","correct":false,"count":"8,588"}]
"text":"Harper's","correct":false,"count":"6,573"},{"text":"Esquire","correct":false,"count":"6,225"},{"text":"New York","correct":true,"count":"11,513"}]
"text":"General Crabby","correct":false,"count":"1,504"},{"text":"General Miserable","correct":false,"count":"2,482"},{"text":"General Grouchy","correct":true,"count":"10,046"}]
"text":"Friendly ghosts","correct":false,"count":"2,230"},{"text":"The Sun","correct":true,"count":"566,934"},{"text":"Old yearbook photos","correct":false,"count":"1,052"}]
"text":"Ice cubes","correct":true,"count":"549,806"},{"text":"Little umbrella","correct":false,"count":"7,828"},{"text":"Extra-large olives","correct":false,"count":"5,027"}]
"text":"Marley & Me","correct":false,"count":"13,208"},{"text":"Bob Marley","correct":false,"count":"44,372"},{"text":"Jacob Marley","correct":true,"count":"484,748"}]
"text":"Mali","correct":false,"count":"21,267"},{"text":"Haiti","correct":false,"count":"25,732"},{"text":"Cyprus","correct":true,"count":"437,384"}]
"text":"MacOS","correct":false,"count":"84,054"},{"text":"Windows","correct":true,"count":"343,037"},{"text":"Linux","correct":false,"count":"9,959"}]
"text":"98 Degrees","correct":false,"count":"88,151"},{"text":"O-Town","correct":false,"count":"87,848"},{"text":"S Club 7","correct":true,"count":"166,155"}]
"text":"Blue haze","correct":false,"count":"45,775"},{"text":"Purple flare","correct":false,"count":"51,400"},{"text":"Green flash","correct":true,"count":"84,165"}]
"text":"Robin Hood","correct":true,"count":"41,288"},{"text":"The Sword in the Stone","correct":false,"count":"9,631"},{"text":"The AristoCats","correct":false,"count":"43,089"}]
"text":"Diaper","correct":false,"count":"23,000"},{"text":"Warts","correct":false,"count":"9,726"},{"text":"Batter","correct":true,"count":"14,697"}]
"text":"Track & field","correct":false,"count":"5,236"},{"text":"Gymnastics","correct":false,"count":"2,721"},{"text":"Basketball","correct":true,"count":"16,747"}]
"text":"Canada","correct":true,"count":"10,205"},{"text":"Amway","correct":false,"count":"1,870"},{"text":"Football","correct":false,"count":"5,507"}]
"text":"Puck","correct":false,"count":"516"},{"text":"Skates","correct":false,"count":"3,676"},{"text":"Team names","correct":true,"count":"6,648"}]
"text":"Guatemala","correct":false,"count":"170"},{"text":"Kuwait","correct":false,"count":"1,310"},{"text":"Bermuda","correct":true,"count":"5,494"}]
"text":"Video Pinball","correct":false,"count":"214"},{"text":"Colossal Cave Adventure","correct":false,"count":"583"},{"text":"Computer Space","correct":true,"count":"4,634"}]
"text":"School Subject","answer":["HISTORY"]
"text":"Flubber","correct":false,"count":"2,709"},{"text":"Rubber","correct":true,"count":"92,127"},{"text":"Blubber","correct":false,"count":"1,561"}]
"text":"Double dribble","correct":false,"count":"60,240"},{"text":"Euro step","correct":true,"count":"23,914"},{"text":"Pick and roll","correct":false,"count":"4,952"}]
"text":"Alvin Kamara","correct":false,"count":"1,609"},{"text":"Todd Gurley","correct":false,"count":"2,628"},{"text":"Derrick Henry","correct":true,"count":"23,113"}]
"text":"Harvard","correct":true,"count":"9,498"},{"text":"Gonzaga","correct":false,"count":"2,777"},{"text":"Loyola Marymount","correct":false,"count":"10,343"}]
"text":"Tua Tagovailoa","correct":false,"count":"312"},{"text":"Dwayne Haskins","correct":false,"count":"455"},{"text":"Kyler Murray","correct":true,"count":"9,217"}]
"text":"LA Galaxy","correct":false,"count":"496"},{"text":"Atlanta United","correct":true,"count":"7,582"},{"text":"Portland Timbers","correct":false,"count":"1,139"}]
"text":"Tigers","correct":false,"count":"2,058"},{"text":"Yankees","correct":false,"count":"2,847"},{"text":"Cardinals","correct":true,"count":"2,580"}]
"text":"Auto racing","correct":true,"count":"2,304"},{"text":"College football","correct":false,"count":"594"},{"text":"Soccer","correct":false,"count":"530"}]
"text":"Goldberg","correct":true,"count":"1,229"},{"text":"Brock Lesnar","correct":false,"count":"749"},{"text":"The Rock","correct":false,"count":"450"}]
"text":"Edmonton Oilers","correct":false,"count":"209"},{"text":"Montreal Canadiens","correct":false,"count":"309"},{"text":"Vancouver Canucks","correct":true,"count":"916"}]
"text":"Jake LaMotta","correct":true,"count":"485"},{"text":"Rocky Graziano","correct":false,"count":"329"},{"text":"Joe Louis","correct":false,"count":"176"}]
"text":"NFC West","correct":true,"count":"181"},{"text":"AFC South","correct":false,"count":"202"},{"text":"NFC South","correct":false,"count":"215"}]
"text":"Verified on Twitter","correct":false,"count":"1,003"},{"text":"Stank ‘tude","correct":false,"count":"1,149"},{"text":"Red nose","correct":true,"count":"431,400"}]
"text":"White","correct":true,"count":"427,397"},{"text":"Sparkly","correct":false,"count":"2,698"},{"text":"Beige","correct":false,"count":"819"}]
"text":"Judy Garland","correct":true,"count":"357,984"},{"text":"Madonna","correct":false,"count":"10,252"},{"text":"Audrey Hepburn","correct":false,"count":"52,697"}]
"text":"Justin Bieber","correct":false,"count":"111,319"},{"text":"Drake","correct":false,"count":"132,572"},{"text":"Ariana Grande","correct":true,"count":"111,200"}]
"text":"Careless Whisper","correct":true,"count":"68,713"},{"text":"Just Can’t Get Enough","correct":false,"count":"26,761"},{"text":"Take On Me","correct":false,"count":"32,917"}]
"text":"County clerk","correct":false,"count":"2,934"},{"text":"Mayor","correct":false,"count":"23,191"},{"text":"Traffic cop","correct":true,"count":"47,283"}]
"text":"Real estate","correct":true,"count":"27,946"},{"text":"Fancy watch","correct":false,"count":"17,812"},{"text":"Stock options","correct":false,"count":"7,485"}]
"text":"Brother","correct":false,"count":"11,867"},{"text":"Partner","correct":false,"count":"4,171"},{"text":"Pally","correct":true,"count":"14,243"}]
"text":"O Holy Night","correct":false,"count":"1,835"},{"text":"Carol of the Bells","correct":true,"count":"8,994"},{"text":"Auld Lang Syne","correct":false,"count":"5,183"}]
"text":"Santa is missing","correct":false,"count":"1,409"},{"text":"Santa’s got a fever","correct":true,"count":"3,480"},{"text":"Santa’s hungover","correct":false,"count":"4,710"}]
"text":"Gas","correct":true,"count":"4,540"},{"text":"Gunk","correct":false,"count":"231"},{"text":"Garlic","correct":false,"count":"483"}]
"text":"Shape","answer":["CIRCLE"]
"text":"Disneyland","correct":false,"count":"5,055"},{"text":"Plymouth Rock","correct":true,"count":"183,937"},{"text":"Tokyo Disneyland","correct":false,"count":"1,094"}]
"text":"Sonic the Hedgehog","correct":true,"count":"173,839"},{"text":"Gary the Dugong","correct":false,"count":"4,941"},{"text":"Beatrice the Quokka","correct":false,"count":"2,761"}]
"text":"Jeff Bezos","correct":false,"count":"21,710"},{"text":"Elon Musk","correct":true,"count":"125,132"},{"text":"Bill Gates","correct":false,"count":"22,977"}]
"text":"Eminem","correct":false,"count":"10,148"},{"text":"Calvin Harris","correct":false,"count":"6,436"},{"text":"Robin Thicke","correct":true,"count":"111,068"}]
"text":"Blade Runner","correct":true,"count":"54,743"},{"text":"Children of Men","correct":false,"count":"11,012"},{"text":"2001: A Space Odyssey","correct":false,"count":"44,266"}]
"text":"Ladder","correct":false,"count":"13,770"},{"text":"Door","correct":false,"count":"6,961"},{"text":"Knife","correct":true,"count":"36,258"}]
"text":"Queen Elizabeth I","correct":false,"count":"2,564"},{"text":"King Edward II","correct":false,"count":"8,571"},{"text":"Queen Victoria","correct":true,"count":"25,381"}]
"text":"Speak & Add","correct":false,"count":"3,056"},{"text":"Speak & Say","correct":false,"count":"12,210"},{"text":"Speak & Read","correct":true,"count":"10,125"}]
"text":"United Kingdom","correct":false,"count":"513"},{"text":"China","correct":true,"count":"7,088"},{"text":"Portugal","correct":false,"count":"4,250"}]
"text":"Chewie Chunks","correct":false,"count":"589"},{"text":"C-3PO’s","correct":true,"count":"5,039"},{"text":"Galaxy Stars","correct":false,"count":"1,895"}]
"text":"Wrigley Field","correct":false,"count":"730"},{"text":"Target Field","correct":false,"count":"486"},{"text":"Miller Park","correct":true,"count":"4,074"}]
"text":"Ozma of Oz","correct":false,"count":"2,134"},{"text":"Glinda of Oz","correct":false,"count":"1,097"},{"text":"Tik-Tok of Oz","correct":true,"count":"921"}]
"text":"Overpriced and gaudy","correct":false,"count":"5,239"},{"text":"On a baseball field","correct":false,"count":"12,767"},{"text":"Forever","correct":true,"count":"314,171"}]
"text":"Golf","correct":false,"count":"1,086"},{"text":"Tennis","correct":false,"count":"846"},{"text":"Bowling","correct":true,"count":"313,666"}]
"text":"Almond milk","correct":false,"count":"3,782"},{"text":"Butternut squash","correct":false,"count":"894"},{"text":"Cream cheese","correct":true,"count":"307,606"}]
"text":"Surface","correct":false,"count":"91,617"},{"text":"Pixelbook","correct":true,"count":"136,377"},{"text":"PlayStation","correct":false,"count":"72,190"}]
"text":"Bill Murray","correct":true,"count":"110,633"},{"text":"Ted Knight","correct":false,"count":"3,569"},{"text":"Rodney Dangerfield","correct":false,"count":"33,242"}]
"text":"Alaska","correct":true,"count":"52,887"},{"text":"Hawaii","correct":false,"count":"38,153"},{"text":"North Dakota","correct":false,"count":"21,086"}]
"text":"W","correct":true,"count":"24,423"},{"text":"U","correct":false,"count":"9,304"},{"text":"V","correct":false,"count":"23,694"}]
"text":"Hi & Lois","correct":true,"count":"12,143"},{"text":"Hagar the Horrible","correct":false,"count":"7,800"},{"text":"Beetle Bailey","correct":false,"count":"9,323"}]
"text":"Macbeth","correct":true,"count":"5,784"},{"text":"The Tempest","correct":false,"count":"3,949"},{"text":"Midsummer Night’s Dream","correct":false,"count":"4,083"}]
"text":"Jimmy Carter","correct":false,"count":"1,478"},{"text":"George HW Bush","correct":false,"count":"1,275"},{"text":"Gerald Ford","correct":true,"count":"4,055"}]
"text":"Wright Brothers’ plane","correct":true,"count":"3,185"},{"text":"Lewis & Clark’s compass","correct":false,"count":"522"},{"text":"Columbus’ sextant","correct":false,"count":"633"}]
"text":"Music Genre","answer":["TECHNO"]
"text":"On fleek","correct":false,"count":"4,561"},{"text":"Rope-a-dope","correct":true,"count":"88,551"},{"text":"Dab on ’em","correct":false,"count":"7,655"}]
"text":"Fourteen","correct":false,"count":"12,084"},{"text":"Forty","correct":false,"count":"40,823"},{"text":"Four","correct":true,"count":"33,567"}]
"text":"Auburn","correct":true,"count":"22,528"},{"text":"Alabama","correct":false,"count":"7,117"},{"text":"Ohio State","correct":false,"count":"5,277"}]
"text":"Dead center","correct":false,"count":"5,166"},{"text":"Edge facing pitcher","correct":false,"count":"8,133"},{"text":"Rear point","correct":true,"count":"8,230"}]
"text":"Aaron Rodgers","correct":true,"count":"5,930"},{"text":"Peyton Manning","correct":false,"count":"1,029"},{"text":"Tom Brady","correct":false,"count":"2,067"}]
"text":"Rangers","correct":true,"count":"4,255"},{"text":"Kings","correct":false,"count":"745"},{"text":"Canadiens","correct":false,"count":"1,273"}]
"text":"Running back","correct":false,"count":"429"},{"text":"Wide receiver","correct":false,"count":"1,354"},{"text":"Tight end","correct":true,"count":"2,458"}]
"text":"Duke","correct":false,"count":"101"},{"text":"Mississippi State","correct":false,"count":"826"},{"text":"Notre Dame","correct":true,"count":"1,790"}]
"text":"Frank Thomas","correct":true,"count":"1,535"},{"text":"Paul Molitor","correct":false,"count":"244"},{"text":"Reggie Jackson","correct":false,"count":"116"}]
"text":"Lacrosse","correct":true,"count":"423"},{"text":"Soccer","correct":false,"count":"170"},{"text":"Basketball","correct":false,"count":"986"}]
"text":"Australia","correct":false,"count":"106"},{"text":"USA","correct":false,"count":"279"},{"text":"Canada","correct":true,"count":"269"}]
"text":"Jon Gruden","correct":false,"count":"107"},{"text":"Andy Reid","correct":false,"count":"48"},{"text":"Bill Belichick","correct":true,"count":"151"}]
"text":"The Plastics","correct":true,"count":"446,704"},{"text":"The Paper Bags","correct":false,"count":"11,131"},{"text":"The Glass Houses","correct":false,"count":"30,303"}]
"text":"Kalteen","correct":true,"count":"347,521"},{"text":"Size 3 Bars","correct":false,"count":"45,315"},{"text":"Proteinie","correct":false,"count":"64,652"}]
"text":"Tina Fey","correct":true,"count":"300,640"},{"text":"Molly Shannon","correct":false,"count":"36,653"},{"text":"Amy Poehler","correct":false,"count":"37,060"}]
"text":"Puppy","correct":false,"count":"4,383"},{"text":"Cat","correct":false,"count":"74,703"},{"text":"Mouse","correct":true,"count":"230,289"}]
"text":"JV jocks","correct":false,"count":"84,456"},{"text":"Mathletes","correct":true,"count":"106,776"},{"text":"Burnouts","correct":false,"count":"44,108"}]
"text":"Lips","correct":false,"count":"14,967"},{"text":"Eyebrows","correct":false,"count":"5,977"},{"text":"Hair","correct":true,"count":"105,852"}]
"text":"Nasty phone call","correct":false,"count":"53,300"},{"text":"The burn book","correct":true,"count":"35,721"},{"text":"Cady’s bracelet","correct":false,"count":"17,125"}]
"text":"Kylie","correct":true,"count":"32,022"},{"text":"Khloe","correct":false,"count":"6,984"},{"text":"Krissie","correct":false,"count":"7,791"}]
"text":"Ron Duvall","correct":false,"count":"2,477"},{"text":"Taylor Zimmerman","correct":true,"count":"16,795"},{"text":"Jason Edwards","correct":false,"count":"13,961"}]
"text":"My fly rhymes multiply","correct":false,"count":"4,539"},{"text":"Nerd is inferred","correct":true,"count":"11,414"},{"text":"I’m varsity mathletics","correct":false,"count":"3,285"}]
"text":"Karen","correct":false,"count":"3,078"},{"text":"Cady","correct":true,"count":"3,165"},{"text":"Regina","correct":false,"count":"6,065"}]
"text":"Winter Beverage","answer":["EGGNOG"]
"text":"Scenic Destination","answer":["MACHU","PICCHU","INCA","TRAIL"]
"text":"Giraffe","correct":true,"count":"192,754"},{"text":"Malayan sun bear","correct":false,"count":"1,340"},{"text":"Red panda","correct":false,"count":"1,123"}]
"text":"Barn burner","correct":true,"count":"180,138"},{"text":"House shrinker","correct":false,"count":"7,813"},{"text":"Apartment inverter","correct":false,"count":"2,787"}]
"text":"Bunker Hill","correct":false,"count":"23,900"},{"text":"Gettysburg","correct":true,"count":"148,136"},{"text":"Lexington & Concord","correct":false,"count":"8,177"}]
"text":"Repeater","correct":false,"count":"26,558"},{"text":"Tall pallet","correct":false,"count":"22,885"},{"text":"Race car","correct":true,"count":"101,611"}]
"text":"Hulk","correct":false,"count":"37,318"},{"text":"Thanos","correct":false,"count":"10,011"},{"text":"Thing","correct":true,"count":"57,691"}]
"text":"New York","correct":true,"count":"34,199"},{"text":"Delaware","correct":false,"count":"11,722"},{"text":"Pennsylvania","correct":false,"count":"13,527"}]
"text":"Bad Liar","correct":false,"count":"4,180"},{"text":"Sorry Not Sorry","correct":false,"count":"11,246"},{"text":"We Can’t Stop","correct":true,"count":"18,833"}]
"text":"Bill Gates","correct":true,"count":"13,100"},{"text":"Elon Musk","correct":false,"count":"5,141"},{"text":"Steve Jobs","correct":false,"count":"1,608"}]
"text":"Ed Sheeran","correct":false,"count":"1,710"},{"text":"Wiz Khalifa","correct":false,"count":"703"},{"text":"Luis Fonsi","correct":true,"count":"11,033"}]
"text":"Oriental Avenue","correct":false,"count":"633"},{"text":"Vermont Avenue","correct":false,"count":"1,186"},{"text":"Chance","correct":true,"count":"9,454"}]
"text":"Triple minor","correct":false,"count":"211"},{"text":"Misconduct","correct":true,"count":"7,983"},{"text":"Major","correct":false,"count":"1,375"}]
"text":"Lovely Rita","correct":false,"count":"786"},{"text":"Martha My Dear","correct":false,"count":"827"},{"text":"Eleanor Rigby","correct":true,"count":"6,592"}]
"text":"Cash","correct":true,"count":"312,240"},{"text":"Dank memes","correct":false,"count":"1,184"},{"text":"Many tiny fairy teeth","correct":false,"count":"3,505"}]
"text":"London","correct":true,"count":"305,449"},{"text":"Kingston","correct":false,"count":"8,616"},{"text":"Hogwarts","correct":false,"count":"827"}]
"text":"Tag","correct":false,"count":"8,218"},{"text":"Capture the Flag","correct":true,"count":"257,386"},{"text":"Hide & Seek","correct":false,"count":"34,352"}]
"text":"Texas behemoth","correct":false,"count":"56,583"},{"text":"Gila monster","correct":true,"count":"167,085"},{"text":"Southwestern gargoyle","correct":false,"count":"24,661"}]
"text":"Cola","correct":true,"count":"99,484"},{"text":"Coffee","correct":false,"count":"52,155"},{"text":"Orange juice","correct":false,"count":"24,369"}]
"text":"Bruno Mars","correct":true,"count":"54,321"},{"text":"Lana Del Rey","correct":false,"count":"20,790"},{"text":"Carly Rae Jepsen","correct":false,"count":"21,313"}]
"text":"Cow","correct":true,"count":"40,883"},{"text":"Dog","correct":false,"count":"5,685"},{"text":"Jellyfish","correct":false,"count":"12,427"}]
"text":"Biffsquiggled","correct":true,"count":"14,547"},{"text":"Scrumpdillyishus","correct":false,"count":"14,054"},{"text":"Galumphing","correct":false,"count":"13,546"}]
"text":"English","correct":false,"count":"4,538"},{"text":"Hindi","correct":false,"count":"7,752"},{"text":"Japanese","correct":true,"count":"5,616"}]
"text":"Well over half","correct":false,"count":"563"},{"text":"Well under half","correct":true,"count":"5,446"},{"text":"About half","correct":false,"count":"1,498"}]
"text":"At the beginning","correct":true,"count":"4,999"},{"text":"At the end","correct":false,"count":"439"},{"text":"On the cover","correct":false,"count":"182"}]
"text":"Start of the Weekend","answer":["FRIDAY","NIGHT"]
"text":"Dental school","correct":false,"count":"2,216"},{"text":"Law school","correct":false,"count":"2,030"},{"text":"Middle school","correct":true,"count":"266,500"}]
"text":"Fresh fish","correct":true,"count":"263,260"},{"text":"Chicken nuggets","correct":false,"count":"1,547"},{"text":"Stale croutons","correct":false,"count":"1,555"}]
"text":"Nepal","correct":false,"count":"32,531"},{"text":"Sri Lanka","correct":true,"count":"202,256"},{"text":"Mongolia","correct":false,"count":"26,055"}]
"text":"Salvador Dali","correct":true,"count":"165,012"},{"text":"Rene Magritte","correct":false,"count":"9,748"},{"text":"Pablo Picasso","correct":false,"count":"32,208"}]
"text":"Right","correct":false,"count":"40,649"},{"text":"Center","correct":false,"count":"7,695"},{"text":"Left","correct":true,"count":"43,230"}]
"text":"Snoopy","correct":true,"count":"85,141"},{"text":"Bugs Bunny","correct":false,"count":"55,246"},{"text":"Donald Duck","correct":false,"count":"25,268"}]
"text":"Glockenspiel","correct":true,"count":"14,882"},{"text":"Xylophone","correct":false,"count":"32,872"},{"text":"Marimba","correct":false,"count":"5,740"}]
"text":"Canned pineapple","correct":true,"count":"6,059"},{"text":"Frozen pineapple","correct":false,"count":"1,025"},{"text":"Fresh pineapple","correct":false,"count":"5,886"}]
"text":"The Beast","correct":false,"count":"2,765"},{"text":"Cogsworth","correct":true,"count":"10,957"},{"text":"Maurice","correct":false,"count":"9,146"}]
"text":"Great Pyramid of Giza","correct":true,"count":"267,857"},{"text":"Transamerica Pyramid","correct":false,"count":"9,857"},{"text":"Luxor Las Vegas","correct":false,"count":"3,094"}]
"text":"P","correct":false,"count":"22,215"},{"text":"A","correct":true,"count":"219,852"},{"text":"X","correct":false,"count":"24,691"}]
"text":"Arnold Palmer","correct":false,"count":"60,307"},{"text":"Shirley Temple","correct":false,"count":"40,394"},{"text":"Ginger Rogers","correct":true,"count":"131,416"}]
"text":"Endocrine","correct":false,"count":"91,639"},{"text":"Digestive","correct":true,"count":"62,551"},{"text":"Nervous","correct":false,"count":"1,058"}]
"text":"San Jose","correct":true,"count":"24,887"},{"text":"Sydney","correct":false,"count":"27,740"},{"text":"São Paulo","correct":false,"count":"30,605"}]
"text":"Camera work","correct":false,"count":"4,650"},{"text":"Lighting","correct":false,"count":"2,535"},{"text":"Sound","correct":true,"count":"28,211"}]
"text":"Antelope","correct":false,"count":"5,094"},{"text":"Dog","correct":true,"count":"22,053"},{"text":"Bat","correct":false,"count":"2,465"}]
"text":"Capture two pieces","correct":false,"count":"1,636"},{"text":"Move the king 2 spaces","correct":true,"count":"10,086"},{"text":"Replace rook with knight","correct":false,"count":"9,975"}]
"text":"Denver","correct":false,"count":"1,000"},{"text":"Boston","correct":true,"count":"5,099"},{"text":"Phoenix","correct":false,"count":"5,492"}]
"text":"Praise You","correct":false,"count":"600"},{"text":"Smells Like Teen Spirit","correct":true,"count":"4,534"},{"text":"Bitter Sweet Symphony","correct":false,"count":"1,386"}]
"text":"Uganda","correct":false,"count":"429"},{"text":"Zimbabwe","correct":false,"count":"1,581"},{"text":"Liberia","correct":true,"count":"2,865"}]
"text":"Rough Duck","correct":false,"count":"2,298"},{"text":"Angry Deer","correct":false,"count":"2,011"},{"text":"Cowardly Lion","correct":true,"count":"271,751"}]
"text":"Utah","correct":false,"count":"39,846"},{"text":"Colorado","correct":false,"count":"35,243"},{"text":"Montana","correct":true,"count":"192,497"}]
"text":"Card Sharks","correct":false,"count":"25,635"},{"text":"The Price Is Right","correct":true,"count":"180,443"},{"text":"Deal or No Deal","correct":false,"count":"12,308"}]
"text":"Cell","correct":false,"count":"8,280"},{"text":"Spring","correct":false,"count":"24,424"},{"text":"Vault","correct":true,"count":"154,460"}]
"text":"Goose","correct":false,"count":"32,202"},{"text":"Duck","correct":false,"count":"57,828"},{"text":"Cow","correct":true,"count":"69,285"}]
"text":"Biz Markie","correct":false,"count":"28,142"},{"text":"LV","correct":true,"count":"34,929"},{"text":"Shock G","correct":false,"count":"24,538"}]
"text":"English","correct":false,"count":"13,768"},{"text":"French","correct":false,"count":"14,437"},{"text":"German","correct":true,"count":"12,924"}]
"text":"Taxi Driver","correct":false,"count":"4,939"},{"text":"Die Hard","correct":true,"count":"8,495"},{"text":"Dog Day Afternoon","correct":false,"count":"4,533"}]
"text":"Uranus","correct":true,"count":"6,850"},{"text":"Saturn","correct":false,"count":"1,131"},{"text":"Jupiter","correct":false,"count":"1,766"}]
"text":"Frisbee","correct":false,"count":"710"},{"text":"Boogie Board","correct":false,"count":"1,550"},{"text":"Wiffle Bat","correct":true,"count":"4,775"}]
"text":"Factual errors","correct":false,"count":"198"},{"text":"Sloppy meter","correct":true,"count":"3,905"},{"text":"Strained rhymes","correct":false,"count":"1,090"}]
"text":"True crime podcast","correct":false,"count":"2,936"},{"text":"Popular Twitter account","correct":false,"count":"1,801"},{"text":"Book","correct":true,"count":"373,047"}]
"text":"thank u, next","correct":false,"count":"1,534"},{"text":"Hollaback Girl","correct":false,"count":"1,619"},{"text":"Christmas Time Is Here","correct":true,"count":"369,570"}]
"text":"Mittens","correct":false,"count":"11,989"},{"text":"Hat","correct":true,"count":"354,739"},{"text":"Puffy vest","correct":false,"count":"1,329"}]
"text":"Gingerbread Gritty","correct":false,"count":"9,379"},{"text":"Abominable Snow Monster","correct":true,"count":"319,595"},{"text":"Sugar Plum Fairy","correct":false,"count":"21,328"}]
"text":"The Miser Brothers","correct":true,"count":"145,329"},{"text":"Jingle and Jangle","correct":false,"count":"99,882"},{"text":"Mrs. Claus","correct":false,"count":"65,664"}]
"text":"The Sound of Christmas","correct":true,"count":"105,325"},{"text":"Jolly Holiday","correct":false,"count":"32,870"},{"text":"A Spoonful of Christmas","correct":false,"count":"31,033"}]
"text":"Elf","correct":false,"count":"32,515"},{"text":"Dog","correct":true,"count":"51,888"},{"text":"Snow angel","correct":false,"count":"28,294"}]
"text":"According to Jim","correct":false,"count":"11,971"},{"text":"Everybody Loves Raymond","correct":false,"count":"11,781"},{"text":"Frasier","correct":true,"count":"35,202"}]
"text":"John Denver","correct":true,"count":"26,999"},{"text":"Katy Perry","correct":false,"count":"8,365"},{"text":"Kathie Lee Gifford","correct":false,"count":"3,193"}]
"text":"Eddie Murphy","correct":false,"count":"4,463"},{"text":"Cameron Diaz","correct":false,"count":"12,855"},{"text":"Both","correct":true,"count":"11,383"}]
"text":"Flower petals","correct":false,"count":"2,886"},{"text":"Ice cubes","correct":false,"count":"5,373"},{"text":"Gingerbread men","correct":true,"count":"9,040"}]
"text":"Constitution","correct":true,"count":"203,116"},{"text":"Gravy-smothered","correct":false,"count":"1,243"},{"text":"Lumberjacks","correct":false,"count":"683"}]
"text":"Jarts","correct":false,"count":"298"},{"text":"Pommel horse","correct":false,"count":"387"},{"text":"Basketball","correct":true,"count":"203,505"}]
"text":"Pappardelle","correct":false,"count":"1,384"},{"text":"Ravioli","correct":true,"count":"199,600"},{"text":"Orzo","correct":false,"count":"1,011"}]
"text":"Scorpion","correct":false,"count":"62,072"},{"text":"Spider","correct":false,"count":"39,941"},{"text":"Beetle","correct":true,"count":"94,851"}]
"text":"Parading in green","correct":false,"count":"21,672"},{"text":"Skyrockets bursting","correct":false,"count":"25,351"},{"text":"Scary ghost stories","correct":true,"count":"62,288"}]
"text":"Fresh Prince of Bel-Air","correct":true,"count":"63,348"},{"text":"Frasier","correct":false,"count":"2,152"},{"text":"Family Matters","correct":false,"count":"4,660"}]
"text":"Canada","correct":true,"count":"39,480"},{"text":"Australia","correct":false,"count":"12,014"},{"text":"United Kingdom","correct":false,"count":"11,985"}]
"text":"New Hampshire","correct":false,"count":"11,416"},{"text":"Michigan","correct":true,"count":"24,654"},{"text":"North Carolina","correct":false,"count":"5,315"}]
"text":"Do-Re-Mi","correct":true,"count":"19,256"},{"text":"Heart and Soul","correct":false,"count":"4,647"},{"text":"Chopsticks","correct":false,"count":"2,411"}]
"text":"Beast","correct":false,"count":"8,105"},{"text":"Bird","correct":false,"count":"579"},{"text":"Breast","correct":true,"count":"11,580"}]
"text":"Maxwell","correct":true,"count":"9,215"},{"text":"Tesla","correct":false,"count":"651"},{"text":"Archimedes","correct":false,"count":"2,809"}]
"text":"Switzerland","correct":false,"count":"2,058"},{"text":"Iceland","correct":true,"count":"4,104"},{"text":"Japan","correct":false,"count":"3,352"}]
"text":"LensCrafters","correct":false,"count":"1,731"},{"text":"Cinnabon","correct":false,"count":"1,916"},{"text":"United States of America","correct":true,"count":"368,359"}]
"text":"Unicorn","correct":false,"count":"12,398"},{"text":"Dinosaur","correct":true,"count":"348,812"},{"text":"Manatee","correct":false,"count":"7,620"}]
"text":"Je ne sais quoi","correct":true,"count":"334,616"},{"text":"Carpe diem","correct":false,"count":"11,356"},{"text":"Chili con carne","correct":false,"count":"6,829"}]
"text":"Basketball","correct":true,"count":"298,993"},{"text":"Baseball","correct":false,"count":"23,385"},{"text":"Football","correct":false,"count":"12,050"}]
"text":"Church","correct":false,"count":"26,312"},{"text":"Tunnel","correct":false,"count":"144,442"},{"text":"Award","correct":true,"count":"133,076"}]
"text":"Clash of the Titans","correct":true,"count":"91,147"},{"text":"Pirates of the Caribbean","correct":false,"count":"56,706"},{"text":"Harry Potter","correct":false,"count":"5,604"}]
"text":"Denali","correct":true,"count":"72,888"},{"text":"Chomolungma","correct":false,"count":"10,542"},{"text":"Aconcagua","correct":false,"count":"14,713"}]
"text":"Gladys Knight","correct":false,"count":"20,060"},{"text":"Lionel Richie","correct":true,"count":"40,048"},{"text":"Stevie Wonder","correct":false,"count":"14,448"}]
"text":"Adorable","correct":false,"count":"6,615"},{"text":"Damaged","correct":false,"count":"13,906"},{"text":"Privately owned","correct":true,"count":"25,099"}]
"text":"The Jeffersons","correct":true,"count":"22,105"},{"text":"Bosom Buddies","correct":false,"count":"1,265"},{"text":"Good Times","correct":false,"count":"5,286"}]
"text":"Jordan","correct":false,"count":"1,910"},{"text":"Tunisia","correct":false,"count":"7,264"},{"text":"Ireland","correct":true,"count":"13,747"}]
"text":"Seattle Pandas","correct":false,"count":"1,830"},{"text":"Detroit Tigers","correct":true,"count":"112,739"},{"text":"Jacksonville Yetis","correct":false,"count":"2,149"}]
"text":"Notre Dame","correct":true,"count":"83,510"},{"text":"Auburn","correct":false,"count":"12,202"},{"text":"Alabama","correct":false,"count":"13,190"}]
"text":"First/second/third base","correct":false,"count":"3,769"},{"text":"Home plate","correct":false,"count":"6,049"},{"text":"Pitcher’s mound","correct":true,"count":"71,917"}]
"text":"Mike Conley Jr.","correct":false,"count":"18,395"},{"text":"Marc Gasol","correct":false,"count":"14,119"},{"text":"Joakim Noah","correct":true,"count":"36,962"}]
"text":"Tennessee","correct":false,"count":"5,804"},{"text":"New York","correct":true,"count":"28,101"},{"text":"Virginia","correct":false,"count":"4,118"}]
"text":"Kentucky","correct":false,"count":"7,883"},{"text":"North Carolina","correct":true,"count":"8,237"},{"text":"UCLA","correct":false,"count":"11,692"}]
"text":"Alex Morgan","correct":true,"count":"5,594"},{"text":"Julie Ertz","correct":false,"count":"2,034"},{"text":"Carli Lloyd","correct":false,"count":"3,056"}]
"text":"NFL","correct":true,"count":"949"},{"text":"USA","correct":false,"count":"2,169"},{"text":"Commissioner","correct":false,"count":"2,844"}]
"text":"James Harden","correct":true,"count":"1,400"},{"text":"Kevin Durant","correct":false,"count":"169"},{"text":"Russell Westbrook","correct":false,"count":"195"}]
"text":"CC Sabathia","correct":false,"count":"577"},{"text":"Bartolo Colon","correct":false,"count":"555"},{"text":"James Shields","correct":true,"count":"314"}]
"text":"NBA","correct":false,"count":"78"},{"text":"MLB","correct":false,"count":"79"},{"text":"NHL","correct":true,"count":"255"}]
"text":"Ty Cobb","correct":false,"count":"96"},{"text":"Harold Baines","correct":false,"count":"103"},{"text":"Ted Williams","correct":true,"count":"64"}]
"text":"Rock","correct":true,"count":"418,467"},{"text":"Paper","correct":false,"count":"23,050"},{"text":"Scissors","correct":false,"count":"8,242"}]
"text":"Bop it","correct":false,"count":"1,624"},{"text":"Pull it","correct":false,"count":"2,288"},{"text":"Wear it","correct":true,"count":"428,994"}]
"text":"Squash","correct":false,"count":"15,916"},{"text":"Lettuce","correct":false,"count":"10,376"},{"text":"Apple","correct":true,"count":"400,320"}]
"text":"Decoy","correct":true,"count":"320,598"},{"text":"Declaration","correct":false,"count":"15,017"},{"text":"Decline","correct":false,"count":"64,174"}]
"text":"Anger","correct":false,"count":"36,237"},{"text":"Fear","correct":false,"count":"32,721"},{"text":"Excitement","correct":true,"count":"261,842"}]
"text":"Mythology","correct":false,"count":"22,418"},{"text":"Architecture","correct":true,"count":"90,747"},{"text":"Physics","correct":false,"count":"157,872"}]
"text":"Gallipoli","correct":false,"count":"11,980"},{"text":"Troy","correct":false,"count":"12,279"},{"text":"Byzantium","correct":true,"count":"85,140"}]
"text":"Mayotte","correct":false,"count":"8,318"},{"text":"Pitcairn","correct":true,"count":"49,422"},{"text":"Tahiti","correct":false,"count":"31,968"}]
"text":"Places in California","correct":true,"count":"36,091"},{"text":"Rivers","correct":false,"count":"7,087"},{"text":"Animals","correct":false,"count":"16,475"}]
"text":"Gloin","correct":true,"count":"18,001"},{"text":"Legolas","correct":false,"count":"10,538"},{"text":"Aragorn","correct":false,"count":"13,382"}]
"text":"Seaborgium","correct":false,"count":"3,233"},{"text":"Bohrium","correct":false,"count":"5,915"},{"text":"Meitnerium","correct":true,"count":"15,409"}]
"text":"Klingon","correct":false,"count":"1,118"},{"text":"Swedish","correct":false,"count":"2,558"},{"text":"Spanish","correct":true,"count":"228,330"}]
"text":"Alaska","correct":true,"count":"155,524"},{"text":"California","correct":false,"count":"15,757"},{"text":"Texas","correct":false,"count":"56,500"}]
"text":"Robber barons","correct":true,"count":"141,656"},{"text":"Theft lords","correct":false,"count":"26,669"},{"text":"Crime princes","correct":false,"count":"12,635"}]
"text":"Offset","correct":true,"count":"93,397"},{"text":"Nicki Minaj","correct":false,"count":"51,317"},{"text":"Taylor Swift","correct":false,"count":"9,804"}]
"text":"Tintin","correct":false,"count":"10,742"},{"text":"Sherlock Holmes","correct":true,"count":"98,013"},{"text":"Dracula","correct":false,"count":"3,463"}]
"text":"Jon Favreau","correct":false,"count":"43,594"},{"text":"Steven Spielberg","correct":false,"count":"25,681"},{"text":"Werner Herzog","correct":true,"count":"26,542"}]
"text":"Hebrew","correct":false,"count":"4,209"},{"text":"Arabic","correct":false,"count":"15,635"},{"text":"Greek","correct":true,"count":"19,159"}]
"text":"UK","correct":false,"count":"1,745"},{"text":"Mars","correct":false,"count":"8,544"},{"text":"Florida","correct":true,"count":"13,465"}]
"text":"Posh","correct":false,"count":"7,947"},{"text":"Ritzy","correct":true,"count":"5,919"},{"text":"Chichi","correct":false,"count":"1,102"}]
"text":"Full House","correct":true,"count":"7,293"},{"text":"Mad About You","correct":false,"count":"1,350"},{"text":"Frasier","correct":false,"count":"621"}]
"text":"Winston Churchill","correct":false,"count":"4,191"},{"text":"Harry S. Truman","correct":false,"count":"433"},{"text":"Charles de Gaulle","correct":true,"count":"3,073"}]
"text":"Clint Eastwood","correct":false,"count":"819"},{"text":"Leonardo DiCaprio","correct":false,"count":"973"},{"text":"Tom Hanks","correct":true,"count":"2,516"}]
"text":"Under the stairs","correct":false,"count":"3,985"},{"text":"Under the sea","correct":true,"count":"553,852"},{"text":"Dirty sink","correct":false,"count":"2,521"}]
"text":"Walt Disney","correct":false,"count":"15,758"},{"text":"Stephen Hillenburg","correct":true,"count":"457,437"},{"text":"Charles Schulz","correct":false,"count":"77,775"}]
"text":"Squishy","correct":false,"count":"99,496"},{"text":"Porous","correct":true,"count":"366,011"},{"text":"Absolvent","correct":false,"count":"19,820"}]
"text":"Treasure chest","correct":false,"count":"187,236"},{"text":"Bucket","correct":false,"count":"31,491"},{"text":"Lobster trap","correct":true,"count":"185,529"}]
"text":"David Hasselhoff","correct":true,"count":"244,061"},{"text":"John Travolta","correct":false,"count":"5,422"},{"text":"Burt Reynolds","correct":false,"count":"7,503"}]
"text":"Robert","correct":false,"count":"3,309"},{"text":"Krevin","correct":false,"count":"16,336"},{"text":"Eugene","correct":true,"count":"227,622"}]
"text":"Slept for two days","correct":false,"count":"20,033"},{"text":"Cried for 20 minutes","correct":true,"count":"150,377"},{"text":"Screamed for an hour","correct":false,"count":"42,178"}]
"text":"Before Counting","correct":false,"count":"21,100"},{"text":"Before Comedy","correct":true,"count":"82,887"},{"text":"Before Creatures","correct":false,"count":"57,923"}]
"text":"Braided beard","correct":false,"count":"45,280"},{"text":"Bows in hair","correct":true,"count":"15,948"},{"text":"Eye patch","correct":false,"count":"31,739"}]
"text":"Noodle Patty","correct":true,"count":"9,718"},{"text":"Jammy Patty","correct":false,"count":"9,659"},{"text":"Pastel Patty","correct":false,"count":"16,904"}]
"text":"Eating sliced cheese","correct":true,"count":"9,623"},{"text":"Stomping the ground","correct":false,"count":"1,606"},{"text":"Wearing clown shoes","correct":false,"count":"2,131"}]
"text":"Jellyfish invasion","correct":false,"count":"574"},{"text":"Screaming baby on field","correct":false,"count":"220"},{"text":"Their underwear color","correct":true,"count":"9,756"}]
"text":"Spying for birds","correct":false,"count":"491"},{"text":"Plotting against humans","correct":false,"count":"1,353"},{"text":"Hired by chimps","correct":true,"count":"8,002"}]
"text":"Pantera","correct":false,"count":"1,258"},{"text":"David Bowie","correct":false,"count":"582"},{"text":"Lady Gaga","correct":true,"count":"6,251"}]
"text":"Hits won't quit","correct":false,"count":"1,857"},{"text":"Too sick with the pick","correct":false,"count":"1,754"},{"text":"Chops are too righteous","correct":true,"count":"2,380"}]
"text":"South Park","correct":false,"count":"19,687"},{"text":"The B in Apartment 23","correct":false,"count":"8,969"},{"text":"The Partridge Family","correct":true,"count":"323,374"}]
"text":"Birds","correct":true,"count":"334,720"},{"text":"Insects","correct":false,"count":"1,905"},{"text":"Fish","correct":false,"count":"3,245"}]
"text":"South Park","correct":false,"count":"5,923"},{"text":"The B in Apartment 23","correct":false,"count":"2,815"},{"text":"The Partridge Family","correct":true,"count":"354,126"}]
"text":"Birds","correct":true,"count":"356,632"},{"text":"Insects","correct":false,"count":"953"},{"text":"Fish","correct":false,"count":"1,490"}]
"text":"Merci","correct":false,"count":"7,964"},{"text":"Poule","correct":true,"count":"326,850"},{"text":"Monsieur","correct":false,"count":"12,238"}]
"text":"Led Zeppelin","correct":false,"count":"68,865"},{"text":"The Beatles","correct":false,"count":"82,843"},{"text":"Fleetwood Mac","correct":true,"count":"167,712"}]
"text":"To rule them all","correct":false,"count":"32,469"},{"text":"To find them","correct":false,"count":"66,465"},{"text":"To shed light","correct":true,"count":"113,664"}]
"text":"Alden Ehrenreich","correct":false,"count":"33,162"},{"text":"Miles Teller","correct":true,"count":"67,732"},{"text":"Ansel Elgort","correct":false,"count":"43,421"}]
"text":"USA","correct":false,"count":"34,405"},{"text":"Australia","correct":false,"count":"24,158"},{"text":"Japan","correct":true,"count":"28,690"}]
"text":"Her mom","correct":true,"count":"30,795"},{"text":"Her bandmates","correct":false,"count":"5,992"},{"text":"Her husband","correct":false,"count":"9,929"}]
"text":"Alive","correct":true,"count":"13,262"},{"text":"Rainbow","correct":false,"count":"11,686"},{"text":"Chandelier","correct":false,"count":"8,776"}]
"text":"Latin","correct":false,"count":"7,283"},{"text":"English","correct":false,"count":"2,530"},{"text":"French","correct":true,"count":"7,652"}]
"text":"Rats","correct":true,"count":"4,383"},{"text":"Belt","correct":false,"count":"2,904"},{"text":"Cape","correct":false,"count":"2,316"}]
"text":"Mary","correct":false,"count":"1,681"},{"text":"The lamb","correct":true,"count":"3,706"},{"text":"Three wise men","correct":false,"count":"568"}]
"text":"Assisting in drinking","correct":false,"count":"15,005"},{"text":"Squeezing toothpaste","correct":true,"count":"282,703"},{"text":"Breathing and smelling","correct":false,"count":"11,917"}]
"text":"Soccer","correct":true,"count":"297,793"},{"text":"Cricket","correct":false,"count":"3,604"},{"text":"Quidditch","correct":false,"count":"1,833"}]
"text":"Flight","correct":true,"count":"277,834"},{"text":"Reason","correct":false,"count":"5,585"},{"text":"Defend","correct":false,"count":"12,437"}]
"text":"72 hours","correct":false,"count":"48,281"},{"text":"28 months","correct":false,"count":"57,512"},{"text":"87 years","correct":true,"count":"166,988"}]
"text":"Baltic Avenue","correct":true,"count":"170,826"},{"text":"States Avenue","correct":false,"count":"16,843"},{"text":"New York Avenue","correct":false,"count":"20,574"}]
"text":"Benito Mussolini","correct":false,"count":"46,229"},{"text":"Queen Elizabeth I","correct":false,"count":"25,727"},{"text":"Napoleon Bonaparte","correct":true,"count":"111,432"}]
"text":"Tower defense","correct":false,"count":"47,850"},{"text":"Sports","correct":true,"count":"39,971"},{"text":"First-person shooter","correct":false,"count":"40,328"}]
"text":"Atlanta","correct":false,"count":"2,059"},{"text":"Montpelier","correct":true,"count":"43,353"},{"text":"Honolulu","correct":false,"count":"16,752"}]
"text":"Winston","correct":false,"count":"9,596"},{"text":"Ray","correct":true,"count":"30,428"},{"text":"Peter","correct":false,"count":"7,193"}]
"text":"Uffish","correct":false,"count":"5,123"},{"text":"Thryming","correct":true,"count":"17,305"},{"text":"Vorpal","correct":false,"count":"11,464"}]
"text":"Quill","correct":true,"count":"6,093"},{"text":"WB Mason","correct":false,"count":"4,481"},{"text":"Pendaflex","correct":false,"count":"10,983"}]
"text":"Shoutout to Endor!","correct":false,"count":"3,080"},{"text":"A long time ago","correct":true,"count":"520,087"},{"text":"The stars are at war","correct":false,"count":"9,608"}]
"text":"Poe Dameron","correct":false,"count":"17,882"},{"text":"Lando Calrissian","correct":false,"count":"108,837"},{"text":"Admiral Ackbar","correct":true,"count":"394,242"}]
"text":"Leia Organa","correct":false,"count":"42,147"},{"text":"Luke Skywalker","correct":true,"count":"312,709"},{"text":"Han Solo","correct":false,"count":"95,710"}]
"text":"Twin Ion","correct":true,"count":"180,570"},{"text":"Tactical Intercept","correct":false,"count":"109,670"},{"text":"Thermal Ignition","correct":false,"count":"88,821"}]
"text":"The Great Heep","correct":false,"count":"147,362"},{"text":"Chopper","correct":false,"count":"60,893"},{"text":"Dud Bolt","correct":true,"count":"54,215"}]
"text":"Luke, I am your father","correct":false,"count":"46,890"},{"text":"I am your father, Luke","correct":false,"count":"14,617"},{"text":"No, I am your father","correct":true,"count":"87,746"}]
"text":"Rogue One","correct":false,"count":"32,375"},{"text":"The Clone Wars","correct":true,"count":"52,746"},{"text":"Rebels","correct":false,"count":"19,913"}]
"text":"Origin","correct":false,"count":"3,101"},{"text":"Color","correct":true,"count":"61,783"},{"text":"Length","correct":false,"count":"6,494"}]
"text":"Captain Phasma","correct":false,"count":"4,450"},{"text":"Snoke","correct":false,"count":"8,308"},{"text":"R2-D2","correct":true,"count":"51,134"}]
"text":"Lin-Manuel Miranda","correct":false,"count":"17,705"},{"text":"Danny Elfman","correct":true,"count":"19,682"},{"text":"Ed Asner","correct":false,"count":"16,338"}]
"text":"Video game","correct":false,"count":"2,313"},{"text":"Comic","correct":false,"count":"7,121"},{"text":"Novel","correct":true,"count":"19,695"}]
"text":"Vader","correct":true,"count":"11,598"},{"text":"Solo","correct":false,"count":"3,906"},{"text":"Antilles","correct":false,"count":"6,565"}]
"text":"Tusken Raider","correct":true,"count":"8,225"},{"text":"Grand Moff Tarkin","correct":false,"count":"961"},{"text":"Greedo","correct":false,"count":"3,985"}]
"text":"Ewoks","correct":true,"count":"6,981"},{"text":"Tatooine","correct":false,"count":"260"},{"text":"X-Wing","correct":false,"count":"2,119"}]
"text":"Nose","correct":true,"count":"535,181"},{"text":"Toes","correct":false,"count":"2,128"},{"text":"Instagram following","correct":false,"count":"499"}]
"text":"Captain Nemo","correct":false,"count":"11,852"},{"text":"Offset","correct":false,"count":"2,511"},{"text":"Ellen DeGeneres","correct":true,"count":"521,893"}]
"text":"Gusteau’s","correct":false,"count":"14,868"},{"text":"Pizza Planet","correct":true,"count":"480,447"},{"text":"Tony’s","correct":false,"count":"26,104"}]
"text":"Prince John","correct":true,"count":"313,599"},{"text":"Madame Medusa","correct":false,"count":"43,427"},{"text":"Claude Frollo","correct":false,"count":"125,731"}]
"text":"Goanna","correct":true,"count":"54,270"},{"text":"Eagle","correct":false,"count":"90,490"},{"text":"Mouse","correct":false,"count":"230,646"}]
"text":"Beauty and the Beast","correct":false,"count":"45,269"},{"text":"Alice in Wonderland","correct":false,"count":"46,144"},{"text":"Peter Pan","correct":true,"count":"86,125"}]
"text":"Fantasia","correct":false,"count":"29,759"},{"text":"Lady and the Tramp","correct":false,"count":"5,975"},{"text":"The AristoCats","correct":true,"count":"78,713"}]
"text":"Bernard","correct":false,"count":"21,990"},{"text":"Gus Gus","correct":false,"count":"28,599"},{"text":"Basil of Baker Street","correct":true,"count":"39,742"}]
"text":"Off-white","correct":false,"count":"7,310"},{"text":"Green","correct":false,"count":"17,024"},{"text":"Chartreuse","correct":true,"count":"32,906"}]
"text":"Rubbing salt","correct":true,"count":"22,445"},{"text":"Dabbing flour","correct":false,"count":"10,611"},{"text":"Adding bread crumbs","correct":false,"count":"8,609"}]
"text":"Beret","correct":true,"count":"5,658"},{"text":"Top hat","correct":false,"count":"5,146"},{"text":"Boater","correct":false,"count":"17,276"}]
"text":"About forty weeks","correct":false,"count":"2,692"},{"text":"As long as he yearns to","correct":false,"count":"1,754"},{"text":"Three seconds","correct":true,"count":"108,805"}]
"text":"Duke","correct":true,"count":"87,933"},{"text":"Virginia","correct":false,"count":"8,302"},{"text":"Gonzaga","correct":false,"count":"10,501"}]
"text":"New York Jets","correct":false,"count":"4,019"},{"text":"Denver Broncos","correct":false,"count":"3,380"},{"text":"Oakland Raiders","correct":true,"count":"80,446"}]
"text":"Old sneakers","correct":false,"count":"4,482"},{"text":"Teddy bears","correct":true,"count":"73,836"},{"text":"Tennis balls","correct":false,"count":"1,453"}]
"text":"West Virginia","correct":true,"count":"55,616"},{"text":"Missouri","correct":false,"count":"7,210"},{"text":"Kansas","correct":false,"count":"9,801"}]
"text":"Oklahoma City Thunder","correct":false,"count":"5,292"},{"text":"Atlanta Hawks","correct":false,"count":"27,161"},{"text":"Dallas Mavericks","correct":true,"count":"25,605"}]
"text":"Ken Griffey Jr.","correct":false,"count":"7,836"},{"text":"Mike Trout","correct":false,"count":"19,399"},{"text":"Miguel Cabrera","correct":true,"count":"3,826"}]
"text":"Larry Bird","correct":true,"count":"4,182"},{"text":"Kareem Abdul-Jabbar","correct":false,"count":"2,633"},{"text":"Kevin Garnett","correct":false,"count":"2,686"}]
"text":"Italy","correct":false,"count":"1,003"},{"text":"China","correct":false,"count":"1,576"},{"text":"Spain","correct":true,"count":"2,158"}]
"text":"Yuma Scorpions","correct":false,"count":"302"},{"text":"Savannah Sand Gnats","correct":false,"count":"979"},{"text":"Hickory Crawdads","correct":true,"count":"935"}]
"text":"Loyola Marymount","correct":true,"count":"543"},{"text":"Duke","correct":false,"count":"94"},{"text":"Davidson","correct":false,"count":"389"}]
"text":"LA Lakers","correct":false,"count":"146"},{"text":"Boston Celtics","correct":false,"count":"88"},{"text":"NY Knicks","correct":true,"count":"344"}]
"text":"Magic 8-Ball","correct":false,"count":"3,216"},{"text":"Mr. Potato Head","correct":true,"count":"298,741"},{"text":"Barbie","correct":false,"count":"2,223"}]
"text":"Chess","correct":false,"count":"15,650"},{"text":"Monopoly","correct":true,"count":"278,784"},{"text":"Backgammon","correct":false,"count":"8,190"}]
"text":"GI Joe","correct":true,"count":"239,654"},{"text":"Teddy Bear","correct":false,"count":"24,273"},{"text":"Lincoln Logs","correct":false,"count":"24,385"}]
"text":"Super Soaker","correct":true,"count":"230,993"},{"text":"Beyblade Burst","correct":false,"count":"16,918"},{"text":"Little Tikes","correct":false,"count":"9,916"}]
"text":"Play-Doh","correct":true,"count":"169,704"},{"text":"Crayola crayons","correct":false,"count":"55,261"},{"text":"Gak","correct":false,"count":"16,104"}]
"text":"Don’t Blow Your Stack","correct":true,"count":"153,569"},{"text":"Don’t Break the Ice","correct":false,"count":"20,815"},{"text":"Don’t Spill the Beans","correct":false,"count":"21,952"}]
"text":"Ash","correct":false,"count":"2,694"},{"text":"Aluminum powder","correct":true,"count":"70,564"},{"text":"Ferromagnetic particles","correct":false,"count":"91,304"}]
"text":"Moo","correct":true,"count":"87,697"},{"text":"Oink","correct":false,"count":"8,367"},{"text":"Quack","correct":false,"count":"3,816"}]
"text":"Furby","correct":true,"count":"46,814"},{"text":"Tamagotchi","correct":false,"count":"26,522"},{"text":"Talkboy","correct":false,"count":"16,202"}]
"text":"Talky Tina","correct":false,"count":"4,027"},{"text":"Chatty Cathy","correct":true,"count":"52,230"},{"text":"Gabby Gretchen","correct":false,"count":"1,232"}]
"text":"Bop It Smash","correct":false,"count":"7,796"},{"text":"Bop It Blast","correct":false,"count":"20,617"},{"text":"Bop It Shake","correct":true,"count":"24,407"}]
"text":"Beekeeper","correct":true,"count":"20,497"},{"text":"Ice sculptor","correct":false,"count":"2,443"},{"text":"Seismologist","correct":false,"count":"8,778"}]
"text":"God Jul","correct":false,"count":"3,224"},{"text":"Feliz Navidad","correct":true,"count":"713,409"},{"text":"Fröhliche Weihnachten","correct":false,"count":"2,601"}]
"text":"Dance","correct":false,"count":"4,014"},{"text":"Smooch","correct":true,"count":"703,510"},{"text":"Surrender all gifts","correct":false,"count":"4,232"}]
"text":"Past","correct":false,"count":"4,942"},{"text":"Present","correct":false,"count":"9,931"},{"text":"Odd Future","correct":true,"count":"685,531"}]
"text":"Turkey","correct":true,"count":"329,560"},{"text":"Italy","correct":false,"count":"153,645"},{"text":"North Pole","correct":false,"count":"189,038"}]
"text":"Find a new wife","correct":false,"count":"119,658"},{"text":"Pay his respects","correct":false,"count":"86,367"},{"text":"Play cards","correct":true,"count":"245,277"}]
"text":"Steals their shoes","correct":false,"count":"96,301"},{"text":"Turns them into coal","correct":false,"count":"54,615"},{"text":"Puts them in a sack","correct":true,"count":"192,143"}]
"text":"Paul Giamatti","correct":true,"count":"146,596"},{"text":"Russell Crowe","correct":false,"count":"47,023"},{"text":"Michael Caine","correct":false,"count":"57,814"}]
"text":"Flowers","correct":false,"count":"51,406"},{"text":"Snowflakes","correct":false,"count":"37,857"},{"text":"Nutcrackers","correct":true,"count":"93,326"}]
"text":"That was all","correct":false,"count":"53,232"}]
"text":"Christmas Eve","correct":false,"count":"12,838"},{"text":"Christmas Day","correct":false,"count":"10,467"},{"text":"New Year’s Eve","correct":true,"count":"39,677"}]
"text":"John McClane","correct":false,"count":"10,076"},{"text":"Kevin McCallister","correct":false,"count":"10,400"},{"text":"Gizmo","correct":true,"count":"26,692"}]
"text":"Fairies","correct":true,"count":"17,876"},{"text":"Ghosts","correct":false,"count":"5,469"},{"text":"Unicorns","correct":false,"count":"7,826"}]
"text":"Anthony Anderson","correct":false,"count":"1,150"},{"text":"Snoop Dogg","correct":false,"count":"5,804"},{"text":"Tracy Morgan","correct":true,"count":"13,452"}]
"text":"The Wizard of Oz","correct":false,"count":"707"},{"text":"Mary Poppins","correct":false,"count":"2,658"},{"text":"The Sound of Music","correct":true,"count":"11,120"}]
"text":"Sarcasm","correct":false,"count":"29,752"},{"text":"Sweat","correct":true,"count":"323,552"},{"text":"Sweet whispered nothings","correct":false,"count":"10,940"}]
"text":"Tiger","correct":false,"count":"1,114"},{"text":"Blue whale","correct":false,"count":"1,554"},{"text":"Wasp","correct":true,"count":"354,544"}]
"text":"Cheers","correct":true,"count":"325,584"},{"text":"How I Met Your Mother","correct":false,"count":"11,637"},{"text":"Seinfeld","correct":false,"count":"16,412"}]
"text":"Novgorod","correct":true,"count":"152,823"},{"text":"Emmental","correct":false,"count":"137,557"},{"text":"Jarlsberg","correct":false,"count":"41,289"}]
"text":"Snickersnee","correct":false,"count":"10,745"},{"text":"Cockalorum","correct":false,"count":"24,297"},{"text":"Bumfuzzle","correct":true,"count":"205,198"}]
"text":"ParaNorman","correct":false,"count":"10,495"},{"text":"Coraline","correct":true,"count":"106,442"},{"text":"Corpse Bride","correct":false,"count":"103,665"}]
"text":"Sega Genesis","correct":true,"count":"87,320"},{"text":"Nintendo SNES","correct":false,"count":"18,494"},{"text":"Atari Jaguar","correct":false,"count":"43,173"}]
"text":"Virtue","correct":false,"count":"26,089"},{"text":"Good","correct":false,"count":"11,653"},{"text":"Innocent","correct":true,"count":"71,099"}]
"text":"Diamond Pass","correct":false,"count":"20,969"},{"text":"Hidden Depths","correct":false,"count":"10,853"},{"text":"I Am Rich","correct":true,"count":"47,423"}]
"text":"Angela Lansbury","correct":false,"count":"7,016"},{"text":"Peter Falk","correct":true,"count":"32,885"},{"text":"Telly Savalas","correct":false,"count":"15,849"}]
"text":"Mars","correct":false,"count":"2,030"},{"text":"Neptune","correct":true,"count":"23,972"},{"text":"Uranus","correct":false,"count":"12,620"}]
"text":"Put it on blast","correct":false,"count":"38,276"},{"text":"Call it a big chungus","correct":false,"count":"12,613"},{"text":"Play dice","correct":true,"count":"187,127"}]
"text":"Van Gogh","correct":true,"count":"224,901"},{"text":"Van Damme","correct":false,"count":"1,762"},{"text":"Van Wilder","correct":false,"count":"1,117"}]
"text":"Unum","correct":true,"count":"171,125"},{"text":"Diem","correct":false,"count":"51,086"},{"text":"Bonus","correct":false,"count":"3,232"}]
"text":"The Grinch","correct":false,"count":"35,827"},{"text":"Holmes and Watson","correct":true,"count":"96,258"},{"text":"Welcome to Marwen","correct":false,"count":"57,212"}]
"text":"Aretha Franklin","correct":false,"count":"49,231"},{"text":"Billie Holiday","correct":false,"count":"33,743"},{"text":"Ella Fitzgerald","correct":true,"count":"47,251"}]
"text":"Sacramento","correct":false,"count":"26,633"},{"text":"Portland","correct":true,"count":"42,590"},{"text":"Seattle","correct":false,"count":"31,106"}]
"text":"Spike","correct":false,"count":"29,022"},{"text":"Stripe","correct":true,"count":"32,900"},{"text":"Spite","correct":false,"count":"5,204"}]
"text":"Pinball","correct":true,"count":"29,434"},{"text":"Board","correct":false,"count":"4,665"},{"text":"Handheld","correct":false,"count":"13,046"}]
"text":"Argentina","correct":false,"count":"4,828"},{"text":"Brazil","correct":true,"count":"20,431"},{"text":"Paraguay","correct":false,"count":"10,476"}]
"text":"The Real World","correct":false,"count":"3,296"},{"text":"Candid Camera","correct":true,"count":"13,411"},{"text":"Real People","correct":false,"count":"7,920"}]
"text":"Nation","correct":true,"count":"2,522"},{"text":"National capital","correct":false,"count":"5,550"},{"text":"US state capital","correct":false,"count":"8,769"}]
"text":"William Taft","correct":false,"count":"2,089"},{"text":"Rutherford B. Hayes","correct":true,"count":"2,296"},{"text":"Millard Fillmore","correct":false,"count":"2,843"}]
"text":"Fried noodles","correct":false,"count":"134,335"},{"text":"Birds' nests","correct":true,"count":"189,038"},{"text":"Shredded cabbage","correct":false,"count":"63,663"}]
"text":"Melbourne","correct":false,"count":"109,005"},{"text":"Canberra","correct":true,"count":"136,667"},{"text":"Sydney","correct":false,"count":"75,244"}]
"text":"Wholphin","correct":false,"count":"117,507"},{"text":"Liger","correct":false,"count":"32,285"},{"text":"Jackalope","correct":true,"count":"126,418"}]
"text":"Vaporware","correct":true,"count":"87,545"},{"text":"Ghostware","correct":false,"count":"101,072"},{"text":"Neverware","correct":false,"count":"49,214"}]
"text":"Yen","correct":false,"count":"75,661"},{"text":"Chinese dollar","correct":false,"count":"36,421"},{"text":"Renminbi","correct":true,"count":"82,464"}]
"text":"Saint Paul","correct":true,"count":"72,443"},{"text":"Austin","correct":false,"count":"23,135"},{"text":"Juneau","correct":false,"count":"58,894"}]
"text":"Rice pudding","correct":false,"count":"14,988"},{"text":"Panna cotta","correct":false,"count":"41,844"},{"text":"Sundae","correct":true,"count":"52,351"}]
"text":"Chimpanzees","correct":false,"count":"14,457"},{"text":"Orangutans","correct":true,"count":"44,957"},{"text":"Bonobos","correct":false,"count":"15,961"}]
"text":"Directing movies","correct":true,"count":"21,799"},{"text":"\"The Professional\" actor","correct":false,"count":"7,258"},{"text":"Impressionist art","correct":false,"count":"28,122"}]
"text":"Montana","correct":false,"count":"1,539"},{"text":"Saskatchewan","correct":false,"count":"6,689"},{"text":"Florida","correct":true,"count":"26,696"}]
"text":"King of clubs","correct":false,"count":"3,606"},{"text":"King of hearts","correct":false,"count":"15,872"},{"text":"King of diamonds","correct":true,"count":"9,194"}]
"text":"Bubble wrap","correct":true,"count":"9,864"},{"text":"Corrugated cardboard","correct":false,"count":"2,706"},{"text":"Polyester","correct":false,"count":"3,445"}]
"text":"Retweet","correct":false,"count":"2,349"},{"text":"Repopulate","correct":false,"count":"2,944"},{"text":"Recycle","correct":true,"count":"351,480"}]
"text":"Trekkin’ It Up!","correct":false,"count":"20,924"},{"text":"Deep Space Nine","correct":true,"count":"332,477"},{"text":"Wesley Fixes Everything","correct":false,"count":"3,725"}]
"text":"Executive","correct":false,"count":"10,068"},{"text":"Judicial","correct":false,"count":"3,692"},{"text":"Fiduciary","correct":true,"count":"331,187"}]
"text":"Tapestry","correct":false,"count":"16,908"},{"text":"Sculpture","correct":true,"count":"266,839"},{"text":"Painting","correct":false,"count":"52,873"}]
"text":"Kitchen","correct":true,"count":"250,485"},{"text":"Garage","correct":false,"count":"13,407"},{"text":"Bathroom","correct":false,"count":"32,436"}]
"text":"Liquid","correct":false,"count":"164,330"},{"text":"Solid","correct":true,"count":"52,227"},{"text":"Gas","correct":false,"count":"48,569"}]
"text":"Jeeves Butler","correct":false,"count":"20,117"},{"text":"Mr. Boddy","correct":true,"count":"80,878"},{"text":"Mayor Grey","correct":false,"count":"24,112"}]
"text":"New Guinea","correct":false,"count":"22,344"},{"text":"Easter Island","correct":true,"count":"64,594"},{"text":"Solomon Islands","correct":false,"count":"8,360"}]
"text":"Hamlet","correct":false,"count":"12,797"},{"text":"Romeo and Juliet","correct":false,"count":"4,139"},{"text":"Macbeth","correct":true,"count":"56,459"}]
"text":"Alexander / Indus","correct":false,"count":"21,951"},{"text":"Hannibal / Alps","correct":false,"count":"19,529"},{"text":"Caesar / Rubicon","correct":true,"count":"18,658"}]
"text":"Michael Caine","correct":true,"count":"15,062"},{"text":"Kermit","correct":false,"count":"6,400"},{"text":"Robin","correct":false,"count":"11,714"}]
"text":"BASEketball","correct":false,"count":"12,384"},{"text":"Bowling ball","correct":false,"count":"1,647"},{"text":"Basketball","correct":true,"count":"322,826"}]
"text":"Friday After Next","correct":false,"count":"19,174"},{"text":"Next Friday","correct":false,"count":"21,694"},{"text":"Friday I'm in Love","correct":true,"count":"287,378"}]
"text":"Sriracha","correct":false,"count":"5,506"},{"text":"Hollandaise","correct":false,"count":"5,158"},{"text":"Marinara","correct":true,"count":"302,145"}]
"text":"Three, almost precisely","correct":false,"count":"33,451"},{"text":"Not more than two","correct":true,"count":"132,086"},{"text":"Four, and not more","correct":false,"count":"117,375"}]
"text":"Bismarck","correct":true,"count":"204,281"},{"text":"Bonn","correct":false,"count":"8,335"},{"text":"Berlin","correct":false,"count":"8,380"}]
"text":"Black","correct":false,"count":"35,975"},{"text":"Red","correct":true,"count":"116,278"},{"text":"Blonde","correct":false,"count":"54,521"}]
"text":"Tetris effect","correct":true,"count":"119,495"},{"text":"Candy Crush effect","correct":false,"count":"14,020"},{"text":"Warcraft effect","correct":false,"count":"15,360"}]
"text":"Chris Elliott","correct":false,"count":"62,062"},{"text":"Chevy Chase","correct":false,"count":"15,864"},{"text":"Steve Martin","correct":true,"count":"53,470"}]
"text":"Quoin","correct":false,"count":"6,529"},{"text":"Baldric","correct":false,"count":"17,795"},{"text":"Teetotum","correct":true,"count":"55,489"}]
"text":"Don Shula","correct":true,"count":"44,092"},{"text":"Mike Ditka","correct":false,"count":"9,031"},{"text":"Bill Belichick","correct":false,"count":"9,714"}]
"text":"Black holes","correct":true,"count":"21,917"},{"text":"Bats","correct":false,"count":"21,664"},{"text":"Helium","correct":false,"count":"5,185"}]
"text":"Andromeda","correct":false,"count":"3,568"},{"text":"Arabia","correct":false,"count":"3,219"},{"text":"Antarctica","correct":true,"count":"398,550"}]
"text":"The Magician’s Mortgage","correct":false,"count":"20,235"},{"text":"Prince Caspian","correct":true,"count":"354,694"},{"text":"Narnia Barnia Schmarnia","correct":false,"count":"22,209"}]
"text":"Copy","correct":false,"count":"71,800"},{"text":"Cut","correct":true,"count":"281,042"},{"text":"Paste","correct":false,"count":"23,402"}]
"text":"Cumulus","correct":true,"count":"307,859"},{"text":"Stratus","correct":false,"count":"15,463"},{"text":"Cirrus","correct":false,"count":"17,554"}]
"text":"Deadpool","correct":false,"count":"12,190"},{"text":"Robin","correct":true,"count":"291,495"},{"text":"Green Lantern","correct":false,"count":"20,726"}]
"text":"Yorkshire pudding","correct":false,"count":"131,696"},{"text":"Bread & butter pudding","correct":true,"count":"104,211"},{"text":"Black pudding","correct":false,"count":"63,732"}]
"text":"New York","correct":false,"count":"22,967"},{"text":"Georgia","correct":false,"count":"5,254"},{"text":"Wyoming","correct":true,"count":"149,857"}]
"text":"Atari","correct":false,"count":"21,541"},{"text":"Chuck E. Cheese","correct":false,"count":"67,645"},{"text":"Rubik’s Cube","correct":true,"count":"68,561"}]
"text":"Drizella","correct":false,"count":"4,502"},{"text":"Ludmilla","correct":true,"count":"61,482"},{"text":"Anastasia","correct":false,"count":"30,808"}]
"text":"Tetris","correct":true,"count":"42,770"},{"text":"Pokémon","correct":false,"count":"8,105"},{"text":"The Legend of Zelda","correct":false,"count":"22,957"}]
"text":"Sleep stage","correct":true,"count":"39,210"},{"text":"Hindu god","correct":false,"count":"3,927"},{"text":"Computer memory","correct":false,"count":"7,692"}]
"text":"La Bamba","correct":true,"count":"23,583"},{"text":"Despacito","correct":false,"count":"5,568"},{"text":"Macarena","correct":false,"count":"11,414"}]
"text":"George VI","correct":false,"count":"4,246"},{"text":"Edward VIII","correct":false,"count":"6,464"},{"text":"George V","correct":true,"count":"16,317"}]
"text":"Abu Dhabi","correct":false,"count":"4,126"},{"text":"Mexico City","correct":true,"count":"12,129"},{"text":"Stockholm","correct":false,"count":"2,156"}]
"text":"Philly Cheesecake","correct":false,"count":"8,017"},{"text":"Philly Silly","correct":false,"count":"5,316"},{"text":"Philly Special","correct":true,"count":"108,255"}]
"text":"Ski jump","correct":false,"count":"13,536"},{"text":"Figure skating","correct":false,"count":"24,551"},{"text":"Half-pipe","correct":true,"count":"68,823"}]
"text":"David Price","correct":false,"count":"13,831"},{"text":"Steve Pearce","correct":true,"count":"37,858"},{"text":"Mookie Betts","correct":false,"count":"18,163"}]
"text":"Oklahoma","correct":false,"count":"2,014"},{"text":"Central Florida","correct":true,"count":"27,341"},{"text":"Alabama","correct":false,"count":"9,048"}]
"text":"LeBron James","correct":false,"count":"583"},{"text":"Kevin Love","correct":false,"count":"872"},{"text":"JR Smith","correct":true,"count":"26,679"}]
"text":"Alex Ovechkin","correct":true,"count":"25,776"},{"text":"Steven Stamkos","correct":false,"count":"376"},{"text":"Sidney Crosby","correct":false,"count":"492"}]
"text":"Stipe Miocic","correct":false,"count":"789"},{"text":"Khabib Nurmagomedov","correct":false,"count":"4,985"},{"text":"Daniel Cormier","correct":true,"count":"19,261"}]
"text":"Brooks Koepka","correct":true,"count":"18,086"},{"text":"Tiger Woods","correct":false,"count":"106"},{"text":"Jordan Spieth","correct":false,"count":"1,519"}]
"text":"RBI / pitch strikeouts","correct":false,"count":"3,018"},{"text":"Pitching starts / steals","correct":true,"count":"6,226"},{"text":"Home runs / wins","correct":false,"count":"8,568"}]
"text":"Vault","correct":false,"count":"791"},{"text":"Balance beam","correct":true,"count":"4,975"},{"text":"Floor exercise","correct":false,"count":"2,433"}]
"text":"Croatia","correct":true,"count":"4,643"},{"text":"England","correct":false,"count":"126"},{"text":"France","correct":false,"count":"589"}]
"text":"Touchdowns","correct":true,"count":"1,426"},{"text":"Completions","correct":false,"count":"2,070"},{"text":"Passing yards","correct":false,"count":"1,212"}]
"text":"Beynaroo","correct":false,"count":"26,459"},{"text":"Beystin City Limits","correct":false,"count":"15,192"},{"text":"Beychella","correct":true,"count":"436,669"}]
"text":"The Rock","correct":false,"count":"221,927"},{"text":"Michael B. Jordan","correct":true,"count":"203,607"},{"text":"Gritty","correct":false,"count":"7,198"}]
"text":"Switzerland","correct":false,"count":"10,845"},{"text":"Thailand","correct":true,"count":"327,726"},{"text":"Greenland","correct":false,"count":"5,304"}]
"text":"Raccoon","correct":true,"count":"295,346"},{"text":"Jackalope","correct":false,"count":"12,802"},{"text":"Wolverine","correct":false,"count":"24,564"}]
"text":"Hank Williams","correct":true,"count":"164,429"},{"text":"Dolly Parton","correct":false,"count":"58,480"},{"text":"Johnny Cash","correct":false,"count":"86,783"}]
"text":"Balloon","correct":false,"count":"21,304"},{"text":"Little girl","correct":false,"count":"35,770"},{"text":"Rat","correct":true,"count":"167,730"}]
"text":"Drink its juices","correct":true,"count":"61,256"},{"text":"Re-bury it","correct":false,"count":"94,675"},{"text":"Take selfies","correct":false,"count":"32,090"}]
"text":"Sister","correct":false,"count":"9,235"},{"text":"Grandpa","correct":true,"count":"87,326"},{"text":"Brother","correct":false,"count":"11,966"}]
"text":"Amal Clooney","correct":true,"count":"57,115"},{"text":"Cara Delevingne","correct":false,"count":"10,115"},{"text":"Oprah","correct":false,"count":"28,449"}]
"text":"Once Upon a Time","correct":true,"count":"46,738"},{"text":"Brooklyn Nine-Nine","correct":false,"count":"11,386"},{"text":"Last Man Standing","correct":false,"count":"11,345"}]
"text":"35 years old","correct":false,"count":"5,746"},{"text":"Played as pitcher / DH","correct":true,"count":"30,722"},{"text":"First Japanese winner","correct":false,"count":"15,384"}]
"text":"God's Plan","correct":false,"count":"14,659"},{"text":"In My Feelings","correct":false,"count":"7,365"},{"text":"I'm Upset","correct":true,"count":"14,263"}]
"text":"Bada bing!","correct":false,"count":"2,971"}]
"text":"Ariana Grande","correct":false,"count":"3,196"},{"text":"Cardi B.","correct":false,"count":"3,121"},{"text":"Camila Cabello","correct":true,"count":"7,736"}]
"text":"LeBron Jame
"category":"Culture","
"category":"Geography","
"category":"TV","
"category":"Science","
"category":"Movies","
"category":"Nature","
"category":"Entertainment","
"category":"Music","
"category":"Literature","
"category":"Civics","
"category":"Games","
"category":"Business","
"category":"Fashion","
"category":"Cuisine","
"category":"Language","
"category":"History","
"category":"Art & Design","
"category":"Sports","
"category":"","
"category":"Tech","
"category":"Math","
"category":"Theater","
"category":"Food & Drink","
